Article 1:
It's the unofficial theme of this issue, but I'll bet your answer is different from mine, or anyone else's. And that's the whole point: These days it's all personal. Let me explain...
First of all, right now there are practically no rules. This issue, which showcases some of the best ways American women are rocking their clothes (and their attitudes) now, features minis and maxis, beat-up farm work boots and supersophisticated city boots, outfits a CEO could wear to her IPO and ones you could smash a guitar in. This new fashion freedom is a good, good thing. To quote SNL's Kate McKinnon, "you do you, boo."
With former Secretary of State Clinton at our shoot: It was fascinating to catch her in a relaxed moment.
Next, there's nothing more stylish than a powerful woman. At Glamour we're into leaders who do their best—and I'm so proud that we were able to sit down with former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton to hear her surprising take on what women face in the workplace today. Whether you lean left or right, whether you lean in or back, we can all learn from what she calls these "hard-earned lessons." That's another thing that's stylish: Admitting we're all works in progress.
The glamour of real life: Emma Stone's jacket-and-dress combo? Nice.
.....................................
Article 2:
Behind every editor is a dad who liked to give advice. Here's the best I heard growing up.
Me with my father, David Leive
What are the most memorable bits of advice your father ever shared with you? When, in anticipation of Father's Day, June 15, I asked the Glamour staff that question, I heard it all. Relationship counsel! Work strategies! Driving instructions! (So many driving instructions.) Ashley Edwards Walker's father, Chip Edwards, used to leave financial articles on her pillow with his favorite parts highlighted. ("I really should have listened," she says now.) Talley Sue Hohlfeld's dad, William Hohlfeld, wisely told her: "If he doesn't like you the way you are, I don't know why you'd want to date him." (She decided she didn't—and married another, better guy instead.)
And me? My father doled out plenty of wisdom, from "If you're not early, you're late" (true) to "Everyone likes to talk about their kids" (said when I was 22 and worried about what to say at a Very Grown-Up Work Dinner—and also true). But his best advice was that I knew best. When, in my twenties, I was whipsawed by indecision over a career choice that would determine my future, my father patiently heard me out over long phone calls; when that failed, he traveled to meet me, twice, at a random Thai restaurant halfway between our homes 228 miles apart—and then told me to make up my own mind. He never said these words, but the message was clear: Sometimes the best advice is that you don't need anyone else's.
Now it's your turn. Tweet or Instagram me the most memorable tip your father (or father figure—yes, stepdads, uncles, and fathers-in-law count) ever gave you. Then thank him for sharing his counsel...and making you believe in your own.
.....................................
Article 3:
Senator Kirsten Gillibrand isn't just a political superstar and rumored one-day presidential candidate—she's your career counselor! Glamour's Cindi Leive gets her success secrets here.
Senator Gillibrand, right, in her congressional office with Leive. Note the artwork by her kids on the wall.
I love the art in Senator Kirsten Gillibrand's office. There are stick-figure families by her kids—"I love Mom" scrawled across them—and, just inches away, a John James Audubon painting of a falcon in "attack pose." But being both fierce and family-oriented is Sen. Gillibrand's thing. In the five years since the 47-year-old Democrat took Hillary Clinton's seat representing New York in the U.S. Senate, she's championed laws supporting women and children, gaining rabid fans and ruffling feathers.(She also helped end the military's "don't ask, don't tell" policy.) So what can women of all political persuasions learn about confidence—and work-life balance—from her? I went to the Russell Senate Office Building in Washington, D.C., to find out.
Cindi Leive: So here we are in your office. Every profile of you mentions your sons, Henry and Theo [ages five and 10, respectively], waiting in here while you cast a vote.
Senator Kirsten Gillibrand: Henry's typically here between 3:00 and 5:00 P.M. Yesterday he didn't want to go to his tae kwon do class; he asked to come here!
CL: You arranged to cast your vote from the Senate chamber doorway so you could hold Henry's hand [while he waited outside]. Was that hard to get the OK for?
KG: It took months. But it was necessary. [Laughs.] Henry's only five, so he gets into trouble if he's not supervised.
CL: Have other senators taken advantage?
KG: No. Most of them have wives who take care of the children. I do not have a wife. I have a wonderful husband, but he works in New York City during the week.
.....................................
Article 4:
More women are job-hunting than ever. If you're one of them, you'll want to know these winning tactics!
Anyone out there interviewing for a job anytime soon—or hoping to? If so, consider this reassuring truth: As someone who's met with hundreds of applicants over the years, I can tell you that the person sitting across from you doesn't want to see you fail—she wants to see you succeed. (Then she can stop interviewing and get back to work!) So what shows me exactly how awesome you are? These six things:
You've done your homework.
Unless I call you out of the blue on a Tuesday afternoon and tell you I want to see you in 10 minutes (which I would never do—you need a half hour to find a dress!), there's no excuse, in this digital age, for not walking into my or any prospective boss's office well-versed in what the company's up to. Google, sniff around, call friends. Your interviewer lives and breathes her company; when you're in her office, you should too.
You're into something.
This may sound awful, but I don't care much where you went to college. What I do care about? That you have passions, professional and otherwise, that make you a real, 3-D human. I personally like hiring people who have started things—a surf club, a networking group, a gardening blog, anything that shows me you'll roll up your sleeves for something you care about. Glamour's executive editor Wendy Naugle has a thing for people who have played sports: "It shows they can work well on a team and have some inner drive," she says. The point? Show your interviewer who you are.
You look pulled together.
I recently interviewed a candidate during one of New York City's epic 2014 snowstorms. It was a hellish, mascara-smearing kind of day, so I would have forgiven my job applicant five minutes' lateness and a wet head of hair. And yet there she was, 15 minutes early, perfectly dry, and in heels. I don't know at what ungodly hour she'd had to leave home, or what bathroom she'd cleaned up in, but her message was clear: She was a pro, and she wanted the job. Which she got. And about clothes: They matter. No borderline-casual outfits, no tube tops (seen it, I swear), no tiny minis! Do you really want your interviewer's takeaway to be "She had excellent waxing skills"?
.....................................
Article 5:
1939: The year that brought us Glamour—and the New York World's Fair. Here I am on the grounds.
Three quarters of a century ago, at a desk probably not too different from my own (fine, it was cleaner), an editor-in-chief named Alice Thompson sat down and wrote the following: "What is glamour? [It] starts with the external self...but includes the development of your individuality, warmth, and intelligence." She approved the cover of her magazine (movie star Ann Sheridan), the cover price (15 cents!), the fashion trends (snug jackets and eyelet blouses), and even the first-ever Glamour Dos & Don'ts (including "DO bag a snood for your down hair-comb"—which is possibly my favorite sentence ever about anything). And with that, Glamour was born.
There have been five editors-in-chief between Mrs. Thompson and me, and yes, the issue you hold in your hands is not exactly the same magazine she brought into the world: For one thing, your copy might be on an iPad, and for another, you're not wearing a snood reading it. (Wait: You're not, right?) These days our editors are less into fashion rules and more into fashion rebels—and street style, and experimenting, and all the other freedoms our white-gloved predecessors didn't have. But there has been a consistent theme running through Glamour's seven-plus decades: that real style is a combination of good clothes and great attitude—and that you don't need to be a movie star or an heiress to get either. After all, as a 1941 Glamour put it, "You are the American women of today.... Glamour's function [is] to help you solve in every way the complex business of living."
2014: me with anniversary cover girl Taylor Swift
.....................................
Article 6:
She left Afghanistan as a first lieutenant—and came home to her Florida desk job as a woman haunted by her experience. Let Lauren Kay Johnson, the winner of Glamour's ninth annual personal essay contest, tell you her story.
Editor's note: We've gotten tons of feedback on this story. For more from Lauren Kay Johnson, read her blog, UNcamouflaged.
Three years after coming home, "healing is a process I am still going through," says Johnson.
The waiting room is meant to be comfortable. Cushioned chairs line the walls. Gossip magazines cover a coffee table in a glossy patchwork. Air conditioning provides welcome relief from Florida's summer heat. But when I walk through the door of the Air Force base's mental health clinic, I am anything but comfortable.
There's been talk of changing the name to behavioral health clinic because of the belief that people with "mental health" issues don't belong on the front lines. A glance around confirms the stigma. There are five other airmen here, all with downcast eyes. I've never felt so exposed while wearing camouflage. You can't be anonymous with a name tag. Or an officer's rank. The silver lieutenant bars on my collar are supposed to mean I'm self-sufficient. Composed. Competent. Being here is as good as admitting I'm not.
The young airman behind the Plexiglas-fronted welcome desk checks me in for my appointment, typing anxiously at a computer, then squeezes a stack of paperwork through a hole in the window (who am I—Hannibal Lecter?). It's an eight-page "intake questionnaire," designed "to help your provider obtain a comprehensive picture of you in an effort to develop a treatment plan that will best suit your needs."
Treatment. Because I'm sick. Because there's something wrong with me that needs to be fixed. I take a seat closest to the door—in case I change my mind—and begin with question 1.
*Describe the primary concern that brought you here today.*I hesitate, trying to find a brief way to summarize the last year of my life. I scriblle "depression, anxiety." I can always expand later. After all, that's what this therapy thing is about, right?
.....................................
Article 7:
At just 16, Chloë Grace Moretz has already headlined a Scorsese flick (Hugo), battled Alec Baldwin on 30 Rock, and kicked ass in, duh, Kick-Ass and its sequel. Next up: starring in the reboot of the horror classic Carrie. But first she's sharing her style secrets with Glamour.
GLAMOUR: You've been getting a lot of recognition for your red-carpet looks. Feeling any pressure?
CHLOË GRACE MORETZ: Fashion is my break. To go away to Paris and talk about clothes, that's like my princess time.
GLAMOUR: But you don't dress like a princess.
CGM: I'm young, so I can play around. I'm lucky designers dress me, so I'm able to wear really, really, really crazy stuff! But there are brands that say, "We can't dress you until you're 20." People who buy their clothes don't want to see a $50,000 dress on a 16-year-old!
GLAMOUR: Have you started playing with your makeup too?
CGM: I do, but I'm terrified. I've seen so many disastrous things! I've only recently been going like, "OK, guys, let's try some blue in there or some green." I'm trying to figure out what looks good on me.
GLAMOUR: Who's your Hollywood inspiration?
CGM: I'm wearing a lot of all black. I really love Winona Ryder—her look in the time right after* Mermaids* and Heathers, that first year of Johnny Depp and her. They were the best couple ever—they're like Romeo and Juliet! —Jade Chang
For more on Chloe, check out the video below!
.....................................
Article 8:
September cover girl Jennifer Aniston shares the 10 fashion and beauty items she swears by.
Anything by Tom Ford: "I go to him for fashion help," says Aniston, who wears his "Jennifer" sunnies, above, and has the featured handbag in two colors. Tom Ford sunglasses ($380, Tom Ford, bloomingdales.com) and bag ($2,850,Tom Ford, bergdorfgoodman.com).
Justin's playlists: "He puts great music together, everything from the seventies to the nineties to now."
Cargos: "When I commit to something, I commit," she says. (Current/Elliott pants, $238, anthropologie.com).
Natural pink lips: "I love By Terry glosses," Aniston says. (By Terry Gloss Terrybly Shine in Diamond Dream and Honeymoon Kiss, $44 each, beauty.com).
Face scrub: "This one's my favorite!" (Aveeno Positively Radiant Skin Brightening Daily scrub, $7, at drugstore.com).
Comfy boots: "My go-to boot now comes in a wedge, and it's fantastic." (Stuart Weitzman, $598, neimanmarcus.com).
Long scarves: "I like them because I can also wear them as a sarong," she says. (Louis Vuitton, $875, select Louis vuitton stores, 866-884-8866).
Her own scent (of course): "It smells different on every friend, which is what I love." (Jennifer Aniston eau de parfum, $55 for 1.7 oz., sephora.com).
A hair mask: "I use this once a week," Aniston says. (Living Proof Restore Mask, $42, ulta.com).
A delicate necklace: "Jennifer Meyer gave me this hand for my birthday." (Jennifer Meyer necklace, $3,250, select Barneys New York stores, 888-822-7639).
Peonies: "They're the flowers I like sending to my girlfriends."
For more from the September issue—see pictures from the cover shoot and read an excerpt from the interview—download the digital issue now.
.....................................
Article 9:
You probably first knew British model Rosie Huntington-Whiteley from the pages of the Victoria's Secret catalogue or as the former face of Burberry Body. But two years ago, she put aside her Angel wings, joined the cast of Transformers: Dark of the Moon, and launched her movie career. Now 26, she'll costar in next year's Mad Max: Fury Road and is taking stunt tips from her long-term boyfriend, action star Jason Statham—all while dominating street-style blogs.
GLAMOUR: You've had amazing success as a model. Was it scary to make the leap into acting?
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley: I was petrified! It all happened so fast: I got a phone call. I had an audition. Three weeks later I was on set. I felt like I'd won the lottery.
GLAMOUR: Your boyfriend is 45—a bit older than you. What's the best thing about dating an older man?
RHW: His knowledge and strength are really inspiring and attractive, and that can come with a man who's had a bit of time. We have a connection that has nothing to do with age. Work comes and goes, but if you have someone at home who thinks you're the greatest person in the world, that keeps you going.
GLAMOUR: Has he given you any action-hero tips?
RHW: He does get very protective. But I'm a bit of an action girl myself. I grew upon a farm. I am all about getting down and dirty!
GLAMOUR: So, modeling, movies—what's next?
RHW: Ten years from now, I'd like to be sitting at the helm of a business or producing TV shows. Women like Jo Malone and Donna Karan really inspire me because of what they've built. I think there's always that assumption that
*you can't be beautiful and smart and nice. All that negativity's just noise.You deal with it and get on. *GLAMOUR: Let's talk about our cover shoot. You look like you had a blast!
RHW: The lads are like puppies—they're adorable! They've all got this
little sparkle in their eye, and they're all just gorgeous. White, white eyes. Shiny, shiny teeth.
GLAMOUR: Can you name them all?
RHW: Let's see...Liam, Niall, Harry, Louis, and Zayn. [Pumps her fist.] Yes!
—Laurie Sandell
More One Direction and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley:
See pictures from the cover shoot and read the excerpts from the interview.
To read the full interview and see all the photos from our cover shoot, download the digital edition now (it's packed with exclusive app-only individual pics of all the guys!), or pick up a copy on newsstands July 9.
.....................................
Article 10:
The extremely self-assured Miss Monáe follows nobody (not even on Twitter!). One of CoverGirl's newest faces spills her tricks here.
GLAMOUR: We're so inspired by the way you put yourself together. Let's discuss your ridiculously cool signature look, starting with that tux...
Janelle Monae: Thank you! I have a great body, I really do. But I want to be taken seriously as an artist, and wearing anything that shows it off will be a distraction from the music. That's how my signature uniform, my tuxedo, came about. It's classic and timeless. You'll see me in black, white, and a pop of color on my lips. That pop adds a little magic.
GLAMOUR: Love that confidence. Is there anything about your appearance that you had to learn to like?
__JM:__My hair. Growing up, my mom put relaxer on it. When I was 18, I grew it out and wore it natural, and I haven't turned back. Then I figured out my style by experimenting. I wanted a look I could walk into a dinner party with and also wear to rock out onstage.
GLAMOUR: Is it true you do your hair yourself?
JM: I do! I don't want anyone on shoots or video sets to know how to re-create it. I want the next generation of girls to feel empowered to cultivate their own style and know that they don't have to be conformists. My style is The Monáe. Figure out yours.
GLAMOUR: Your skin is legitimately phenomenal. What's your secret?
JM: I won't sit here and say I've never had a pimple, but I try to have a really great diet, you know, lots of vegetables and fish. And I think stress plays a huge part too. I'm a believer that the more I'm giving, the happier I am, and the more beautiful my exterior will be.
What do you think of Janelle Monáe. Are you a fan of hers?
.....................................
Article 11:
If you've ever wanted to work in fashion, media, or publishing, check out this new video where Glamour's smart, stylish, and experienced fashion editors share their best tips on landing a job.
Keep an eye out for Slaves to Fashion's own Tracey Lomrantz Lester, ladies!
Have you ever thought about working in the fashion industry? What do you make of our editor's advice?
Stay tuned for more How'd You Get That Fashion Job? videos, coming soon, and be sure to read these insider secrets from six fashion-industry superstars.
.....................................
Article 12:
In case you haven't noticed, there's a whole lot of Victoria Beckham happening on Glamour.com today. She's not just our September cover star - she guest edited the entire issue. We've got scoop from her interview, a brief history of her life in hairstyles, and a whole bunch of gorgeous stills from her cover-shoot (one is even shoppable!). Here's another VB exclusive you just can't miss: a behind-the-scenes look at the making of the issue, in video form!
Here, Victoria talks about the editing process and why she loves fashion. Our Editor-in-Chief, Cindi Leive, also appears in the video and - FYI - she's rockin' a pretty amazing Valentino lace dress. Now, watch and enjoy!
What do you think of Victoria as Glamour's guest editor? Are you as big a fan as we are?
Be sure to check out Victoria's Editor's Note for more insight and commentary from our uber-stylish cover star!
.....................................
Article 13:
If you followed our #makingsept feed on Twitter and Pinterest, you already know that the uber-stylish Victoria Beckham is our September cover star. Guess what else? She's also the issue's guest editor! Here's a sneak peek at her cover -- she's wearing a very on-trend tiara, you guys!
Keep your eye on the mailbox and your local newsstand to pick up our big fashion issue - guest edited by Victoria herself! - and visit Glamour.com tomorrow for some exclusive previews, including Victoria's cover shoot photos, a mini movie on the making of the issue, an excerpt from her interview, a recap of her best red carpet looks, and more!
In the meantime, dolls, I need to know: What do you think of our big fashion issue cover? Are you excited to crack this baby open, or what?
*Update! You now have an all-access pass to Victoria's Editor's Letter and a sneak peek at her interview. Be sure to shop her cover look and click through the super-chic cover-shoot pics!
.....................................
Article 14:
Wearing a bustier can, understandably, be intimidating. When things go well, a bustier can give you a total diva look—think Lady Gaga and Beyonce. But when things go wrong? Flesh belts and unsupported cleavage worthy of a Glamour Don't! Rest assured, though, there's nothing to be afraid of. A well-fitted bustier worn with a great a pair of jeans is an effortlessly stylish look anyone can pull off!
Kristen Stewart wearing a Bottega Veneta bustier and Current/Elliot jeans on our November cover proved that a laid back approach to wearing a bustier makes the look much more doable and super-cute.
Kristen's look was so inspiring, several of you eagerly contacted us, as the magazine hit newsstands, to find out how to get the affordable alternatives we also featured in the issue.
If you're looking to give this look a try too, go for simply-shaped bustiers in soft fabrics like cotton and a relaxed fit jean. For a more polish version opt for luxe fabrics or embellishments on the top and tailored denim or trouser on the bottom.
So are you ready for jeans and a bustier? (Yes, Please!) Check out these options below - strapless bra included!
More Forever 21...
Is a bustier wardrobe worthy or not so much?
Tell us what you're coveting in this month's issue!

Photo: Matthias Vriens-McGrath
.....................................
Article 15:
For our September issue the fashion team explored the American West, highlighting rustic, Native American-inspired patterns from Proenza Schouler, Suno, Thakoon and more. While they loved layering up these cool, colorful looks, there was one specific item they knew readers couldn't wait to get their hands on!
Readers showed a penchant for the Western trend back in August when we featured an amazing Southwestern tote in a Honolulu street style shot. Many women wrote to us about it and one reader actually tracked down the woman on Facebook in order to ask her where she got the bag!
Turns out, it was from a mass market store we all know and love: Aldo. Unfortunately, the bag is out of season but, for you gals who agree that this piece is a must-have, Aldo's got a fab version in their current season lineup I want to show you.
.....................................
Article 16:
Obsessed with Kardashian style? You know what we're talking about—va-va-voom hair, glam makeup, curve-hugging clothes. Well, now's the chance to get the full Kardashian experience: If you're in the NYC area TOMORROW, Wednesday October 5, come to our casting to be considered for a chance to model in an upcoming Kardashian-style fashion shoot for Glamour!
-The casting will be held at the DASH store at 119 Spring St between Mercer & Greene. Come on over!
-It will take place from 11:30am-12:30pm ET TOMORROW (10/5) at DASH. The casting ends promptly at 12:30. Due to attendance volume, not all attendees may be seen or considered for the photo shoot.
-If you are asked to participate in the photo shoot, you MUST attend your fitting on Thursday, October 6 between 11am and 2pm in NYC.
-You must also be available from 9am-6pm on Sunday, October 9 for the photo shoot in NYC.
-If you are not available for those two days, you will not be considered for the casting.
-Transportation will NOT be provided.
-Please note that Kim, Khloe and Kourtney will NOT be in attendance at the casting.
Good luck and we can't wait to see you tomorrow!
The number of models selected to participate in the photo shoot, if any, is at Glamour's sole discretion. Models will not be compensated, and there is no guarantee that any model's photo will appear in the magazine.**
.....................................
Article 17:
This fall, clothes are all about standing out. Follow my lead and embrace this bold head-to-toe look.
I was drawn to this photo from Glamour's archives, shot by Diane and Allan Arbus for the September 1949 issue, because it epitomizes elegance; the allover red look, accessorized with a gold necklace and brown accents, exudes the sophistication so synonymous with the 1950s.
But it also looks right in 2011 (see Brioni's runway collection, below). If you don't want to go all out in a single hue, opt for bold color in one piece, like a simple A-line skirt. Even classic red heels will do! Add "you" flair - a boxy purse here or a chain-link bauble there. Any way you style it, refined or with a little spunk, being red-hot is very on-trend.
.....................................
