Article 1:
Are you new to VideoProc Converter AI and wondering about its capabilities? This versatile media-processing software has now evolved to include a suite of AI-powered tools that can take your files to the next level. 
And in this comprehensive review, we’ll provide you with an in-depth look at this powerful program, exploring how you can leverage each feature to craft captivating visuals like never before. 
VideoProc Converter AI is a robust all-in-one media-processing software that offers more than just the ability to convert, compress, record, download, edit, and repair media files. It also features a suite of advanced AI tools – such as Super Resolution, Frame Interpolation, and Stabilization – which use artificial intelligence to upscale old, SD, and low-quality videos or images by up to 400% to 4K/8K/10K, to convert low-FPS to high-FPS videos for smoother motions, and to enhance video stability and visual appeal. 
Here are the program’s core features:
Below, we are going to take a closer look at each aspect so you can understand how these tools can contribute to your media processing and enhancement. 
VideoProc Converter AI features an easy-to-navigate interface. On the home page, you can find seven panels. The top row is dedicated to AI functions (Super Resolution, Frame Interpolation, and Stabilization), while the remaining four modules handle classic media processing (Video Converter, DVD, Downloader, and Recorder).
The AI image enhancer feature in VideoProc Converter leverages Super Resolution to upscale AI art as well as old and low-quality images by up to 4x (to 4K/8K/10K). You can effortlessly change resolution, enhance quality, remove noise, sharpen focus, and even fix compressed, blurry, or defocused images. Here is a more detailed analysis:
Harnessing advanced artificial intelligence, VideoProc Converter AI can seamlessly upscale images by 200%, 300%, or even 400%. Unlike traditional upscaling methods relying on mathematical algorithms that often result in pixelation and loss of detail, this software uses cutting-edge AI-based neural network technology to boost low-quality images to 4K/8K/10K while preserving intricate details and textures. Whether you’re working with a treasured family Christmas photo, a precious newborn snapshot, or AI-generated artwork, VideoProc Converter AI can breathe new life into the images with remarkable ease. 
VideoProc Converter AI also excels at removing noise from your images and reconstructing crisp, clean visuals. Whether you’re dealing with noisy low-light photography shots or trying to restore old and degraded photographs, this feature has you covered. Imagine capturing the breathtaking beauty of a starry night sky or the twinkling lights of a city skyline – only to be met with unwanted noise and graininess. Thanks to this AI feature, you can effortlessly remove that annoying noise to reveal the true clarity and detail of your images.
The AI image enhancer can also improve the definition of edges in images, bringing out the finest details and textures. This is particularly valuable for portrait photography, where capturing the intricate details of a subject’s facial features, eyes, and hair can be the difference between a good shot and a truly captivating one. With the AI image enhancer, you can meticulously sharpen these delicate details to reveal a level of depth and realism that was previously hidden. 
When it comes to enhancing video, VideoProc Converter AI sets the bar high with its cutting-edge AI Super Resolution. The AI video enhancer can upscale your videos to stunning 4K resolution, enhance video motion, fix shaky clips, and improve blurry, grainy, or pixelated videos. Tailored to a variety of content types – from real-life and live-action videos to animated and AI-generated visuals – VideoProc Converter AI can give your videos a visually striking makeover and ensure a flawless output that retains every detail without any artifacts. Here is a more detailed breakdown: 
VideoProc Converter can upscale videos by 200%, 300%, or 400%. It can enlarge 360p videos to HD/4k while keeping as many details as possible, and it can adeptly handle video content featuring complex pictures, excessive elements, text, details, vivid colors, and high-motion content, including media with high-speed sports footage, high frame rates, etc. 
The AI video upscaler does more than just refine your self-shot videos, animations, and AI art; it can also bring your archival footage to life. Whether you need to enhance vintage home movie videos, DV footage, old YouTube videos, DVDs, or low-resolution recordings from Super 8 film, VideoProc Converter can upscale them all to be enjoyed on larger screens with unparalleled visual quality. 
If your videos are suffering from quality issues due to low resolution, encoding, compression, poor lighting, or shaking, VideoProc Converter AI has you covered. The program can easily enhance blurry, grainy, or pixelated videos into crystal-clear masterpieces. This cleanup works on various types of videos and is particularly great for rejuvenating digitized old films.  
VideoProc Converter AI uses artificial intelligence to significantly enhance and sharpen video. The AI sharpening feature identifies edges and details in the footage, then selectively increases contrast along these edges while preserving adjoining regions. This brings out crisper definition and clarity in a natural-looking way. The algorithm is trained on vast datasets to sharpen video from diverse sources, including AI-generated video. It helps restore realism, visual pop, and vibrancy to make the video come alive with life-like sharpness and resolution. 
The AI Frame Interpolation in VideoProc Converter AI uses advanced AI-interpolation technology to intelligently insert new frames between existing ones. This innovative approach elevates frame rates from 30/60 FPS to an impressive 120/240/480 FPS and beyond, delivering smooth motion. This makes it easy for users to create stunning and cinematic-quality slow-motion content for TikTok, Instagram, YouTube Shorts, and beyond. 
The AI video stabilization feature in VideoProc Converter AI is especially useful for rugged outdoor action cams like GoPros and drones when filming shaky extreme sports like mountain biking. Its advanced AI stabilization algorithm is specially tuned to smooth bumpy footage from these devices, whether chest-mounted on trails or positioned on full-suspension handlebars. Users can select from multiple stabilization modes, presets, border colors, crop types, and crop ratios to eliminate unwanted camera shake and achieve the desired results. 
The built-in media screen-and-webcam recorder is another great VideoProc Convert AI feature. It allows you to capture entire or partial desktop/iOS screens with a voiceover, record from a webcam, or record both simultaneously in picture-in-picture mode. 
You can also change your background with the chroma key function, and you can crop, draw, and highlight any content and add outlines, texts, arrows, images, and more to your live recordings. This is particularly useful for YouTubers who need to record gaming footage while also incorporating webcam commentary.
VideoProc Converter AI also comes with a robust DVD digitizer that can rip all types of DVDs (whether old or new with copy protections); copy full titles to MKV, VIDEO_TS folders, and ISO image files; and convert them into more than 370 formats such as MP4, AVI, WMV, MOV, and more for easy sharing, archiving, and editing. The tool ensures that the quality of the ripped or copied content is maintained, providing users with lossless video and audio output. It also offers the ability to edit video length, expedite processing, and segment chapters in one seamless process.
Equipped with a top-notch downloading engine, VideoProc Converter enables you to losslessly download video streams, live videos, video playlists, channels, and audio from YouTube, Facebook, Dailymotion, and Twitch along with other 1000+ UGC sites. Not only can you fetch the desired media files – up to 999+ at the same time! – from online sites without watermarks or ads, but you can also bypass format incompatibility issues with customized resolutions, formats, and quality (8K/4K/HD/SD) to play the saved videos on any computer. 
Featuring a robust video conversion engine and a 370+ format library, VideoProc Converter AI can address all your transcoding needs and (batch) convert media to MP4, MKV, AVI, and other formats without jeopardizing image quality. It can even automate the conversion process with presets for Instagram, TikTok, YouTube, Xbox, etc. This makes it an ideal solution for those struggling to play GoPro, DJI, iPhone, or camera videos on mobile devices or watch DVD movies on a PC or Mac.
VideoProc Converter offers an extensive range of editing tools to enhance your videos. The program lets you cut, merge, rotate, and crop; you can also add subtitles, watermarks, effects, filters, and more. What’s more, VideoProc’s software provides features to correct lens distortion, create GIFs, capture screenshots, extract images from videos, synchronize audio and video outputs, adjust playback speed and audio volume, and even convert 3D videos into 2D formats for viewing on 2D screens. 
Equipped with a max-quality compression engine, VideoProc Converter AI allows you to effortlessly reduce video file sizes by up to 90% without compromising quality. You can compress video in seconds by either entering the target file size or dragging the compression ratio slider. 
In addition, VideoProc Converter AI offers six other regular and advanced compress methods to minimize video file sizes, including increasing GOP, lowering bitrate and frame rate, downscaling the resolution, converting to a more aggressive codec, etc. These features ensure optimal control and adaptability for all your video compression needs.
VideoProc Converter AI comes with a free trial. However, for those ready to buy, the three pricing plans cater to different needs, making the software a competitively priced option compared to other all-in-one AI video processing tools on the market now:
Note: The program is now available for a holiday deal, and users can score the complete set of AI features and media tools for a mere $29.95 for a single lifetime use (originally $45.95!) and $39.95 for multiple lifetime licenses (originally $57.95!). 
Below, we will provide you with a general walk-through on how to make the most out of VideoProc Converter AI:
First, download (for free!), install, and launch VideoProc Converter AI on your computer. 
Next, on the home page, you can find seven panels, each dedicated to a specific task for processing your video. Here’s a breakdown of the functionality offered by each of these panels:
Let’s use image upscaling as an example. Say you want to upscale this image:
Here’s how you would proceed:
VideoProc Converter AI is an extremely powerful and versatile all-in-one AI-generative media solution that can enhance and process old and low-quality footage like never before through its cutting-edge AI toolkit. It comes highly recommended for users of all levels. And with its holiday offer – a savings of 60% off the regular price – you can unlock a full suite of AI features at merely $29.95 for lifetime use to craft polished videos in minutes.
Once you become a lifetime VideoProc user, you will enjoy lifetime updates for free!
Digiarty is a paid partner of dPS.
.....................................
Article 2:
In landscape photography, avoid photographing toward the sun. 
It’s one of the most common tips you’ll hear from seasoned landscape photographers. In fact, it’s a tip that I’ve previously shared, myself! 
Now, avoiding strong backlighting is a well-known tip for a reason. When you point your camera into the sun, you’ll be faced with very difficult lighting conditions, and you risk losing details in the highlights and the shadows (or both at the same time!). Expert landscape photographers know this, and they know the dynamic range that their sensors are capable of capturing, which is why you often hear the above advice.
That said, the importance of avoiding strong backlight might not be as relevant today as it was several years ago. Today’s sensors and post-processing opportunities are much more forgiving, and what once was a bad idea can now be an opportunity.
In this article, I’ll show you how photographing toward the sun can enhance the atmosphere and add an extra dimension to your landscape images. And I’ll share my best tips so you can include the sun in your shots with amazing results! 
I’m sure many of you are ready to jump straight into the comment section right now and tell me how much of a bad idea it is to shoot towards the sun. But give me a minute to explain why it’s something you might want to consider doing with your landscape photography.
The greatest benefit of adding the sun to the frame is that it adds depth to the resulting shot. 
Take this next image as an example. As you can clearly see, the sun is present, and the shot is incredibly three-dimensional:
But if you remove the sun, the photo becomes flat and much less interesting:
Sure, you could process the sunless image to add some three-dimensionality and drama, but the result wouldn’t be the same. Without the sun, the image is flat; with the sun included, the image comes to life and drags you into it.
Including the sun can also be beneficial from a compositional perspective. In the example above, the bright sun serves as a focal point. The viewer’s eye is naturally guided along the cliffs and up toward the sun in the background. 
Here, it’s important to keep in mind that our eyes are naturally attracted to the brighter parts of an image. So if you include the sun in the frame, and you ensure that it’s positioned in a background area where the viewer’s eye can rest, it’ll do a great job of drawing the eye from foreground to background. 
(Of course, whether this looks good depends on where you place the sun. You must think of the sun as a compositional element and position it accordingly, the same way you’d position a mountain, a picturesque cabin, an interesting tree, and so on.)
One final benefit of shooting toward the sun is that you often get beautiful shadows moving from background to foreground. These can serve as additional leading lines that help guide the viewer’s eye and add an even greater sense of depth.
Hopefully, you now agree with me that the sun can sometimes enhance your landscape images.
However, there’s one thing I need to make clear: including the sun in your images won’t always be beneficial. There are certain conditions or methods you should take advantage of for this to work. Here are some tips to help you out:
While there are exceptions to this advice, the best landscape images generally come when the sun is low on the horizon. The sun then creates a soft glow and gives a nicely balanced light, plus it often turns the sky into a breathtaking canvas of color:
Additionally, when the sun is low in the sky, the landscape features a more limited tonal range, making it easier to capture backlit shots.
On the other hand, during midday – when the sun is positioned higher in the sky – the light is harsh and less pleasing to the eyes. This is something you generally want to avoid in landscape photography!
I’ll start by saying this: There’s no one single correct spot to place the sun within your image. Sometimes it’s beneficial to place it in the center, while other times it’s better to place it on the side.
This is where trial and error, as well as experience, come into play.
For the image above, I chose to place the sun at the very edge of the frame. Partly obscured by the clouds, it doesn’t attract too much attention; instead, the viewer is drawn to the beautiful light hitting the landscape while subtly guided from the foreground to the distant background.
If you are familiar with semi-advanced post-processing techniques, you might be aware of a processing style called light bleed. This is a technique that involves heavy dodging and enhancing/creating a light source that diffuses through the image, and it’s used by a lot of landscape photography professionals to create an ethereal effect.
However, by placing the sun at the corner or edge of your frame, you can actually produce the light-bleed style in-camera.
Other times, however, you want to place the sun in the center of the image. For the image below, placing the sun in the center added a light source that your eyes naturally go toward. Had I instead placed the sun to the side, this image would have been less balanced.
In my opinion, one of the best ways of including the sun in your landscape photos is to partly obscure it. You can do this by waiting for the sun to get low in the sky, then position your camera so the sun is peeking out from behind a tree, a mountain, etc.
When you combine a partially obscured sun with a narrow aperture such as f/8 or f/11, you can achieve a beautiful sunstar or sunburst:
Since the sun is so much brighter than the surrounding landscape, it can be hard to capture a well-exposed image when including it in the frame. But by using a graduated neutral density filter, you can darken the sky in your image while leaving the foreground untouched – resulting in a well-balanced image even with the sun in the frame.
Unfortunately, working with graduated ND filters is not always ideal. Since the transition between darkened and transparent parts of the filter is a straight line, it can create unwanted darkening effects if you’re photographing a scene where something is projecting above the horizon.
Graduated ND filters are better to use when the horizon is flat, such as in the image below:
So what do you do when faced with a high-contrast backlit landscape that isn’t amenable to photographing with a graduated ND filter? That’s where my next tip comes in handy:
Another more flexible method of capturing well-balanced images with the sun included is to bracket multiple exposures and blend them in a photo editor. This is the better choice when the sun is at the highest position in the sky, as the contrast is even greater – or when you can’t effectively place a graduated ND filter over the horizon.
To create this next image, I actually captured three files: one exposed for the landscape, one exposed for the sky, and one even darker to balance out the brightest parts.
Then I blended them in post-processing to produce a final shot with good detail in both the land and the sky!
Hopefully, I’ve been able to convince you that shooting toward the sun isn’t a complete no-no. And if you use the tips I shared, you’ll be well on your way to capturing some stunning backlit landscape photos, too.
Photographing into the sun can be tough, but the rewards can be great, so give it a try and see what you think!
Now over to you:
Have you captured any images that are shot toward the sun for your landscape photography? Share them in the comments below! I’d love to see them.
.....................................
Article 3:
This article was updated in April 2024 with contributions from Simon Ringsmuth and Andrew S. Gibson.
Sometimes, you can find ways of taking amazing pictures without spending much money at all, and one of the best examples of this is a technique called fire spinning, sometimes also known as steel wool photography.
Capturing amazing steel wool photos usually involves just a couple of basic items – available at any hardware store and grocery market – and a little creativity. Once you understand the simple process, you can create breathtaking, even otherworldly, images. This technique is accessible to anyone willing to experiment after the sun sets, from beginners to professionals. And the results are always a unique blend of fire and motion that can transform literally any space into a scene of dramatic beauty.
In this article, I share my approach to amazing steel wool images, along with plenty of example photos so you know what to expect.
Let’s dive right in!
At its core, steel wool photography is an exciting blend of light, motion, and creativity. It starts with something as mundane as steel wool – the kind you might find in a kitchen or workshop. When this wool is lit and spun rapidly, it becomes a source of glowing sparks that you can capture with your camera.
The key to successfully capturing this display is in your camera settings. A long exposure, often 10 seconds or more, ensures that your camera records the sparks as bright trails against the dark background.
The results of steel wool photography are nothing short of breathtaking. But as I discuss in the next section, safety is crucial. Do this in a safe area away from anything flammable, and have water or a fire extinguisher ready. Wearing protective clothing is also a good idea. When done safely, steel wool photography produces breathtaking images, capturing the dynamic movement of light in the dark.
Before I go into detail about what it takes to create an image like this, I need to make it abundantly clear that fire spinning is dangerous, not only to yourself, but the area around you, and even your camera equipment. Please follow these safety precautions:
The images you see in this article were all taken at night on a deserted beach where nothing else could start burning, and my camera was far enough away from the subject to avoid any wayward flying sparks or smoldering embers.
You may already have some of the items necessary for a fire-spinning photo, but if not, you can easily find everything you need for only a few dollars. You can add additional things such as multiple chains and whisks to create different effects and styles, but for a basic fire spinning shoot you can start with the following trinkets:
Other items necessary for the shoot include:
Once you have all the things you need, preparing for your photos is fairly simple. Stuff a wad of steel wool into the whisk (fluff it up a bit so it gets some air), attach the whisk to the chain, and you’re all set. Fine steel wool is better (I used grade 00 for these images) because it will burn easier, and send more sparks flying around during your shoot. 
The basic idea involves lighting the steel wool, which will cause it to smolder, then spinning it around in the air, which will cause sparks to shoot off in every direction.
While the steel wool won’t exactly burn like a piece of paper, twirling it in the air will cause sparks to fly all around. By using a long exposure on your camera, you can capture an incredibly dynamic image not unlike something you might see during a fireworks display at an Independence Day celebration.
After your chain, whisk, and steel wool are ready, you will need to find a location and decide how to frame your shot, which is why it can be handy to have a friend help you out. You can do steel wool photos by yourself, but it really helps to be able to direct someone else who’s doing the spinning so you can get everything positioned exactly how you want in the shot. 
It helps to draw some lines in the sand or dirt so your helper knows precisely where to stand, and depending on how dark it is, you may need to use your flashlight to help get everything positioned just right.
The rest of the process is fairly simple, but it will probably take a great deal of trial and error to get the shots you want. Set your camera and tripod low on the ground, several meters away from your friend, and have them shine a flashlight on their body so you can lock focus (either use autofocus to lock, then switch it to manual – or try back button focusing). 
Large apertures should be avoided since you want a very wide depth of field, and you won’t need to worry about gathering enough light because the sparks will be plenty bright to show up even with small apertures. Use a long exposure time of 20 or 30 seconds, and a low ISO of 100 or 200.
When you are ready to take the shot, have your friend hold the lighter under the steel wool until it starts glowing. That’s your cue to press the shutter button, then just stand back while your friend spins the chain and the sparks start flying. One trick is to use your camera’s 2-second self-timer so your friend has a bit of time to light the steel wool on fire before the actual exposure begins.
Once you get the hang of the basics the rest is all about finding a technique that works, to get the shots you want. You can try lots of variations to get different photos such as:
With a little practice, you can get some astounding results, and it’s always good to shoot in RAW so you can tweak the colors, and pull some details from the shadows later on if you want. If you search online for “fire spinning photos” (or steel wool spinning) you will find thousands of images, using all sorts of variations on this basic technique. I realize it’s somewhat cliché to say this, but the possibilities really are endless.
If you shoot while there’s still a little light left, the sky will have a nice deep blue color. Some people use this technique at night and combine it with painting with light (using either torchlight or portable flash) to build up an image or to capture star trails.
Well, there you have it: 
The simple, step-by-step process for capturing beautiful steel wool photos. 
As you can hopefully see, getting solid results doesn’t have to be difficult, but it does take some perseverance and experimentation!
Ultimately, fire spinning is another form of painting with light, as the light from the burning steel wool illuminates the landscape in a new and interesting way.
Have fun!
Now over to you:
Do you plan to try steel wool photography? Do you have any tips or images to share? Leave your thoughts in the comments below!
.....................................
Article 4:
When it comes to making people look their best in corporate headshot photography, you should certainly start with lighting, exposure, and composition. However, even if you’re on top of your headshot photography game, there are plenty of small adjustments you can make in the editing process that’ll make your photos (and your clients!) look far more professional. 
To start, it’s important to recognize that, on the day of the shoot, a lot of things will be out of your control. This is true whether you’re a complete newbie – or a seasoned pro.
Take a booking I had recently. It was scheduled for a Friday afternoon, and it happened to follow a full week of annual strategy meetings. All the head honchos were dead tired, and looking good for photos was the last thing on their to-do list. After a week of deciding the future of their company, a lot of them looked a little….less than fresh. Dehydration, bags under the eyes, and coffee-stained teeth were starting to appear – because we’re human and that’s what happens. And although I knew that soft light would help, I also knew that cameras are rather unforgiving of the sleep-deprived.
This is an extreme example, but there are always minor aesthetic problems that you’ll face as a headshot photographer. Fortunately, in every case, post-processing can come to the rescue. It’ll make you feel better about your photos, and it’ll make your subjects feel better about themselves. Although most of my corporate headshot clients know that post-production doesn’t mean they’ll end up as Heidi Klum, they do appreciate just a smidge of help once the photos are loaded up.
Corporate touch-ups are about making the subject look as fresh as can be. However, a post-processing workflow doesn’t need to take hours. I like to keep my post-processing efficient, effective, and easy – so I can get the photos off my computer and onto my clients’ desks as quickly as possible. Below, I explain how I edit my corporate headshots in Lightroom, using the streamlined workflow I’ve developed over the years. Specifically, I explain how you can take an unprocessed photo like this:
And, with a bit of editing, get a result like this:
(Note: While I certainly recommend Lightroom for your own post-processing needs, you can easily recreate my headshot editing workflow in Photoshop, Capture One, ON1 Photo RAW, and more.)
The workflow I’m about to show you will suit a variety of corporate clients. But I’m going to use a single example photo from a professional photoshoot I did a few years back; that way, you can see my approach in action.
Let’s start with the shot straight out of camera:
This particular company wanted to feature their employees in their native work environment, so the office became the background, which eliminated the need to bring a backdrop. I lit the subject with window light, an octabox, and a reflector, and I shot the image with a 50mm lens. 
(Normally, I’d grab my 85mm for corporate work, but we were out of town and didn’t have our full complement of gear with us. The 50mm did the job just fine, however!)
As soon as I pull up an image in Lightroom, I start by considering some simple adjustments:
Cropping, lens corrections, exposure, and white balance.
Not all of these adjustments are needed in every case, but it’s always worth thinking about each one before moving on. Here, I need to crop the reflector out of the frame, as it’s intruding on the left-hand side. If you look carefully at the vertical lines on the right-hand side, you’ll notice some barrel distortion caused by my lens (the wall is curving slightly inward). Fortunately, this is easy to fix by checking the Enable Profile Corrections box in Lightroom’s Lens Corrections panel.
I’m happy with the white balance in this image, but I do want to boost the exposure – the unedited file is a little dark – while also dropping the Highlights slider to prevent the brightest parts of the image from getting out of hand.
After making those adjustments, here’s how the headshot looks:
Hopefully, you’ll agree with me that it’s much improved. Those minor tweaks refined the composition while making the scene feel tonally balanced. However, there’s still more work to be done: 
Local adjustments are targeted to a specific part of the image, and while you can spend hours carefully retouching your subjects’ features, the changes I make are subtle. 
In truth, the best way to get some of these effects is to have the client get a great night’s rest and stay hydrated, but as I said at the beginning of this article, that’s mostly out of your control. And again, these adjustments aren’t meant to turn anyone into an airbrushed masterpiece; they’re designed to give your corporate clients a small boost.
Before we dive in, let’s review some local adjustment keyword shortcuts to help you speed things up:
Okay, now that we’ve got that out of the way, here are the local adjustments I make to my corporate headshots (and in this order, too):
This helps clear up pores and deals with any blemishes. These are the settings I add to my Adjustment Brush in Lightroom:
I brush over the subject’s entire face with the exception of the eyes, eyebrows, and lips. Since I like to use a green mask overlay, when I’m finished, my subject’s face is fully Hulkified:
As mentioned in the previous section, you can change the color of the mask overlay by tapping Shift+O. These days, red is the default, but I use green as it’s nice and easy to see. 
If you make a mistake while softening the skin and go over any of the areas you don’t want to target, just use the Alt key to turn the Brush into an eraser, then paint the mask away.
I use this edit to soften any shadows created by wrinkles and smile lines, Here are the settings I apply with my Brush:
Note that I keep the Brush small and soft as I paint across any lines on the person’s face:
Let’s look at the before and after of what we have so far (focusing on the local adjustments):
 You’ll see that the skin is more even throughout, and the deep shadows of the lines are reduced and softened (but not removed completely). Remember, the goal is to freshen, not to make the subject look like a plastic doll.
Next up, let’s get those eyes popping a little more. This is easy to overdo, so be judicious.
Slight adjustments to your subject’s eyes will make them look more lifelike and animated. I like to start by brightening up the entire eye with these Brush settings:
As you can see, I’ve applied the mask to both eyes, taking care to cover the whites, the irises, and the pupils:
Once I’ve brightened up the eyes more generally, I like to focus on just the colorful part of the eye: the iris. I’ll generally add a bit of positive exposure and a touch of saturation, as well as a few other minor adjustments to help the irises stand out:
Let’s check back in with another before-and-after comparison:
It’s subtle, but there’s just enough pop around the eyes without it being overdone.
It’s time to make your subject’s dentist proud! This is another adjustment you’ll need to be careful not to overdo, and the specifics will depend on your subject’s teeth, but here’s what generally works for me:
I carefully paint over the enamel while avoiding the lips and gums:
Now for the final touch, where I give a bit of definition to the hair and eyelashes. Here are the settings I like to apply:
I’ll paint over my subject’s hair and eyelashes, and I’m careful not to accidentally enhance their skin – though I don’t worry too much about brushing every single bit of hair:
That’s pretty much all I do to enhance my corporate headshots! Let’s take a final look at the before-and-after images after I’ve made my local adjustments:
And here’s the photo that was delivered to the client:
All of these changes are delicate. When done right, they’re almost imperceptible. 
Remember: Retouching your corporate headshots doesn’t need to be an hours-long endeavor. Your clients don’t need to be on the cover of Vogue – they need a no-fuss photo that’s LinkedIn-ready and that shows them at their best.
With the small edits I shared above, you can ensure that your headshot clients are satisfied by your work, and keep your portfolio looking polished!
.....................................
Article 5:
HDR techniques are a great way to maintain plenty of detail in both the highlights and shadows of your photos, especially when dealing with high-contrast scenes (e.g., a landscape at sunset). 
However, once you’ve captured several bracketed files in the field, you’ll need to merge them in post-processing. 
Now, there are a lot of plugins that you can use with Lightroom to create high-quality HDR photos, but the truth is that Lightroom’s own HDR Merge feature does an excellent job. With HDR Merge, you can create HDR files right within Lightroom, and you won’t have to pay for any plugins or extras. 
In this article, I’ll explain why I recommend Lightroom’s HDR Merge feature for blending your files, and I’ll share my step-by-step process for getting a great final image (using several of my own HDR landscape photoshoots as examples).
Let’s dive right in!
If you talk to other photographers who use HDR techniques, you might find that everyone has different software preferences. Some use Photoshop, others swear by Luminar Neo’s HDR Merge extension, and still others rely on dedicated HDR programs like Photomatix Pro. 
But while all of the above options can certainly get the job done, there are several advantages to using Lightroom for your HDR conversions:
Working with Lightroom’s built-in HDR tool is extremely easy – so even if you’re not an experienced photo editor, you shouldn’t run into any problems! Just follow these instructions:
Start in Grid View in the Library module, and select the images you want to merge. Alternatively, you can select the images in the Develop module Filmstrip.
Right-click on your selected images, then select Photo Merge>HDR. (You can also choose Photo>Photo Merge>HDR in the main menu.)
The HDR Merge Preview window should open, and you’ll see Lightroom’s preview of the HDR image. Note that it may take some time for the preview to load, especially if you’ve selected a lot of images for merging. 
You may be surprised to see that there aren’t many settings to adjust. This is deliberate – the aim is to let Lightroom produce a natural-looking HDR image, which you can then process in the Develop module to achieve your desired look. But you do have a few options:
The Auto Align and Auto Settings boxes will be ticked by default, and the Deghost Amount will be set to None. (If you change the settings, Lightroom remembers your last inputs, so always make sure you’re using the right settings before continuing!)
What do these HDR Merge settings do? 
Auto Align is useful if the camera moved between exposures, which generally happens when handholding. If this box is checked, Lightroom will work to line up your different images so the blended file looks natural.
And Auto Settings performs a similar function to the Auto settings in the Basic Panel of the Develop module. 
I find HDR Merge works best with the Auto Align and Auto Settings boxes ticked (see below). There’s also the option to change the Deghost Amount – here, the goal is to prevent any artifacts (such as lines or blur) caused by subject movement between frames. If your scene was completely still, just leave the setting at None; however, if there was movement from shot to shot, such as a tree waving in the wind or a person trotting across the landscape, you can set the Deghost Amount to Low, Medium, or High. 
You can’t zoom in to 100% in the HDR Merge Preview window, so you may only become aware of ghosting once you move on to the Develop module and zoom in to 1:1. If you notice ghosting at that stage, you can always go back and reprocess the images. And you can tick the Show Deghost Overlay box to reveal the areas where Lightroom has detected ghosting.
(How do you know which Deghost Amount is best? Honestly, you’ll just need to use trial and error – it’s different for each set of images.) 
Once you’re done tweaking the settings, go ahead and click the Merge button at the bottom. Lightroom will save the merged image as a DNG file with the suffix -HDR appended to the file name. It’ll also take you back to the module where you started. From there, you can edit the image as normal in the Develop module.
This is the result of my HDR merge. I used two photos, bracketed one stop apart. That’s not a lot of bracketing, but it was a cloudy day and what I wanted was a photo that captured detail in both the landscape and the sky. On a sunny day, the light is higher contrast, so you generally need to use images bracketed further apart.
Your HDR file should be treated as a starting point in your processing. It’s a new RAW file that you can then edit in the Develop module to achieve the desired effect. 
In my case, I thought the merged photo was too light, so I darkened it in the Develop module. I also made some tonal adjustments and increased the Clarity. Here’s the same image, but after those edits have been applied:
The screenshot below shows a comparison between the HDR image (right) and the same photo taken without any exposure compensation (left). As you can see, merging two exposures has allowed me to capture the details in the gray clouds. 
Note: If after merging your files, you think the image has too much of an HDR feel, you can use the Basic Panel sliders or local adjustments to alter the tonal values. For example, you can increase Shadows or the Blacks setting to add contrast, so you don’t have the “unnatural detail in every shadow” effect typical of overdone HDR.
Here’s another example, this time with photos taken in the sun that have a much greater brightness range. The two photos were taken at +1 and -1 stops, respectively:
This is the result that Lightroom gave after the HDR merge process:
And this is how it looks after editing in the Develop module:
The differences are subtle; I just made the image a little darker and moved the Highlights slider to zero to bring out as much detail in the clouds as possible.
So far, I’ve shown you how Lightroom’s HDR Merge handles files that encompass moderate tonal ranges. But what if the scene has a huge tonal range, forcing you to created three or more bracketed images? 
This next example involves three photos with a total of seven stops difference in exposure. You probably won’t need to make the exposure differences that drastic in your everyday shooting, but it’s always interesting to try.
Here’s the result:
The water looks different in each version of the photo, so I set the Deghost Amount to High. Note that the deghosted area (shown in red below) covers all of the water – when I compare the three original images, I can see that Lightroom has used the water from the first photo in the sequence, avoiding the ghosting that would be caused by merging three photos with a different level of water in each shot.
Let me share one more example sequence, just so you can see how Lightroom handles another high-contrast scene. First, we have four separate images covering a wide tonal range:
And here’s the final shot after applying HDR Merge and doing a bit of editing:
If you’re not sure where to find the newly created HDR file, set Sort to File Name in the Grid View, and it will appear next to the first image in the sequence (but make sure you are in the folder of originals, not inside a collection).
It’s best to carry out the HDR Merge process with files that haven’t yet been edited in the Develop module, as Lightroom only retains some of your adjusted settings in the final file. 
These are taken from one of your images and applied to the HDR file. They are listed below (all other settings are returned to their default):
Lightroom also requires access to the original photo files. It can’t create an HDR image from Smart Previews alone.
Hopefully, you can now see just how powerful HDR Merge is – and why you don’t need to spend extra money on a dedicated HDR program. 
The best way to get familiar with HDR Merge is to head into Lightroom and play around. Run a few merges using the process I shared above, and when you’re done, do a bit of editing to get the best possible results.
Now over to you:
Have you tried Lightroom’s HDR merge tool? If so, what do you think? Is it a worthwhile addition to Lightroom’s toolkit, or do you prefer a different solution? Please let us know in the comments below.
.....................................
Article 6:
For years, photographers have debated whether to shoot in RAW or JPEG. (Well, maybe “debate” is the wrong word. Usually, it’s a matter of more experienced photographers encouraging beginners to start shooting in RAW and stop shooting in JPEG.)
There isn’t much question that RAW files are technically superior. They come with plenty of benefits: greater dynamic range, more color information, and an adjustable white balance, to name just three.
However, these benefits can only really be appreciated when post-processing files. So for photographers who don’t wish to edit their files, the advantages of RAW photography don’t really apply, and certain RAW drawbacks – such as the need to process each file before it can be shared or printed – don’t seem worth it.
Usually, this RAW vs JPEG question gets presented as an either/or proposition. You’re told that you have to decide to shoot in RAW or in JPEG, looking at the pros and cons of both file formats. 
But if you could have the advantages of both formats, wouldn’t that be the way to go? Wouldn’t you want the editing flexibility of RAW files, combined with the instant shareability of JPEGs? Is that even possible?
It is, in fact! 
Take a look at your camera’s Quality or Image Quality setting in the menu. Most cameras will allow you to put that setting on both RAW and JPEG. This is known as RAW+JPEG shooting, where your camera captures a RAW file and a JPEG file each time you press the shutter button. In using RAW+JPEG, aren’t you getting the best of both worlds?
Let’s take a look. But first, let’s review the advantages of RAW files versus JPEGs.
When you take a picture, your camera is actually taking the data that it receives from the image sensor and creating a file. In the early days of digital, a group of experts got together and agreed on a file format everyone could use. It is called “JPEG,” and it stands for “Joint Photographic Experts Group.” 
The idea is that everyone could use the same format, and thus it would be easy to share. And you know what? It worked out pretty well. JPEGs are more or less ubiquitous. If you pick up your camera and start shooting, you’ll generally be creating JPEGs. It is the default of virtually every dedicated camera. And because internet browser developers consistently built JPEG support into their software, it is also the format of virtually every picture you see online.
But when your camera creates a JPEG, a few things happen. The first is that the camera compresses the picture data so the file size is smaller. A JPEG will only use about a quarter of the data that your camera captures, and as a result, a large chunk of data is discarded. Some of that is color data, which is done by reducing the number of available colors (there are still a lot of colors available in JPEGs, though). Where you’ll see the biggest impact is in the highlights and shadows, where some detail may be lost.
In addition, when a JPEG is created, your camera will add some processing to the picture. The camera manufacturers know that you want your pictures coming out of the camera looking sharp and colorful. Therefore, they add some effects – like sharpness, contrast, and saturation – as the JPEG file is rendered. The benefit is that your pictures generally do look a little better, but the downside is that you aren’t in control of the process, and sometimes your camera’s processing doesn’t match what you’re after.
And that brings us to RAW files.
In most cameras, you can go into the menu and change the file format to “RAW.” No, there isn’t really some sort of universal file format called RAW. Rather, each camera has its own way of bundling the data that it receives from the image sensor when you take the picture to create its own proprietary file (NEF for Nikon, CRW or CR2 for Canon, RAF for Fuji, etc.). The resulting file is called “RAW.”
You might already perceive an issue here: Since RAW files aren’t the same format, they aren’t easily shareable. In addition, RAW files are huge, typically 3-4 times the size of JPEGs.
So why does nearly everyone recommend shooting RAW, then? Because they contain more information. Remember how JPEGs discard data to create smaller files? RAW files preserve all of that data. That means you keep all the color data, and you preserve everything you can in the way of highlight and shadow detail.
In addition, whereas the camera adds processing when it creates JPEGs, that doesn’t happen when you create RAW files. That means you are in control of the process. You can add any level of sharpness, contrast, saturation, etc., that you want (assuming you have access to a RAW processing program, of course). The camera isn’t making those decisions for you.
Sure, RAW files are bigger, but they are way better. And you can always create a JPEG from your RAW file later, which you can use to share your photo online once you’ve finished editing.
So RAW files are the way to go, right? You’re preserving all that color data, not to mention the highlight and shadow detail. And you are in full control of the processing of your picture. That’s got to be worth it, right?
Generally, that’s true: RAW files are worth creating. But what about if you are not going to process your photos at all? Wouldn’t it make sense to then shoot in JPEG, since it is the file that looks best coming out of the camera? Or what if you need to share the photo right away, and you don’t have time to do any editing?
That’s why I encourage you to shoot both RAW and JPEG files! Your camera will likely have a setting allowing you to do both – so that every time you take a picture, the camera creates a RAW file and a JPEG. That would allow you to have all the advantages of both file types. 
How might that benefit you? Here are the advantages to RAW+JPEG shooting:
But wait a second, you might think. Surely these JPEG advantages are fairly minor, especially if you plan to edit your images regardless. Why bother with all that? Why not just shoot in RAW?
Yes, the JPEG advantages are minor, but at the same time, what is the cost? Virtually nothing. Over time, data has gotten cheaper and cheaper. Adding a JPEG costs virtually nothing. Memory cards these days hold hundreds or even thousands of pictures, and they are now pretty cheap. You can now get a 64 GB card for about $35. You can get hard drives that store terabytes of data for under $200. These prices continue to drop. Compared to RAW files, JPEGs take up a tiny amount of space. So while I agree that adding the JPEG doesn’t have a huge benefit for most shooters, it also doesn’t have much of a downside.
There is one other aspect I haven’t mentioned, however, and that is speed. Remember that your camera has to write all the data to your card. If you are taking a few pictures at a time (or one at a time), this will not be a factor. But if you are shooting sports or wildlife with a serious need for maximum frames per second, then there will be an additional cost. The time to write the additional file will slow you down a little bit. In that context, I could definitely imagine foregoing the extra file and choosing to only shoot in RAW. But for most of us, this won’t apply.
At the same time, there are some photographers who will think to themselves, “Well, I don’t process my pictures, so I might as well just shoot JPEGs to get the best-looking file I can straight out of the camera.” 
To those who don’t process their pictures, I would first say, “You definitely should do some processing!” You don’t need to make dramatic changes or make your images look surreal, but you can do wonders with some little tweaks.
In any case, just because you don’t do any processing of your pictures now doesn’t mean you won’t ever process your pictures. In a year or two, you might change your mind. When that happens, you don’t want to be kicking yourself for not having obtained the best files possible. No, you don’t need to shoot only in RAW – that would be inconvenient for someone who doesn’t plan to edit – but RAW+JPEG is an ideal approach.
I have been shooting RAW+JPEG for several years now. Do I actually use the JPEGs? Almost never. I always edit the RAW files and usually don’t touch the JPEGs. 
As mentioned, however, the JPEGs don’t cost me anything, so I am sticking with this setting. Plus, there have been a few times when I was on the road and wanted to send photos straight from my camera, so having the JPEG on hand did turn out to be useful.
That’s how it works for me. But the decision on the type of files you want to create is up to you. So what do you think? Is shooting RAW+JPEG the best of both worlds? Or is it a waste of space? Let me know in the comments below!
.....................................
Article 7:
Some photographers enjoy portraiture, where they can capture the essence of a person; others enjoy photographing action at a football game, or birds soaring through the air, or the intimate gaze shared by a newlywed couple.
Me? I like to shrink things.
I’m talking about tilt-shift photography, a genre that seems to have gained in popularity over the last handful of years. It’s all about taking a photograph of a real-world scene and making it look like a miniature scene. Highly detailed miniatures have always fascinated me, so tilt-shift photography was a natural draw. The White House? Shrink it. Piccadilly Circus? Make it Lilliput Lane! 
What’s not to love?
Below, I’ve shared all the basics of tilt-shift photography. That way, you can learn how to create a miniature effect just like mine – either in-camera or with post-processing. 
Let’s dive right in! 
Tilt-shift photography involves applying a miniaturization effect to the image, which makes the scene look like a toy model:
As you can see in the example above, the tilt-shift effect relies on both foreground and background blurring to create the illusion of a small world.
Now, tilt-shift photography can be done in two broad ways:
I recommend the post-processing route, but it’s worth mentioning that you don’t even need to own Photoshop (or any editing program) to make a tilt-shift photo. Tiltshiftmaker.com has a free service that lets you create the effect with an uploaded photo. And if you want a bit more control, you can always use Fotor’s online tilt-shift feature. 
Like anything in photography, the tilt-shift effect can be done, but can it be done well? That’s the question. You can’t use any random photo – instead, you must choose the right kind of image. And once a candidate photo is picked, the tilt-shift post-processing procedure must also be done correctly.
So what constitutes a good photo for a tilt-shift treatment? Here’s what I’ve discovered:
Now, if you don’t have any aerial images in your portfolio, or you simply don’t enjoy shooting aerials, can you still do tilt-shift photography? Yes, absolutely! But I recommend getting as high off the ground as possible, even if it just means shooting at eye level. And for the most convincing effects, you’ll definitely need to experiment with different subjects and scenes. 
One quick tip: Make sure you get far back from the objects in your scene so that everything feels far away from your lens. That way, even if you’re not shooting from above, your shot will have a clear sense of scale!
Once you’ve selected an image, then the tilt-shift treatment can begin. I use Photoshop, and while I won’t go into too much depth here, I’ll give you a brief overview of the process. 
First, you’ll want to determine your point of interest. This is the most important part of the shot – it’s where the viewer will look when they encounter the image. My recommendation is to ensure your point of interest is eye-catching from the get-go: a shiny building, a soaring church spire, etc.
Next, you’ll want to duplicate your background layer (that way, you can always work on the copied layer – and if you mess up, or you want to start over, you can just make a new copy of the background layer and try again).
Make sure your duplicate layer is selected, then choose Filter>Blur Gallery>Tilt-Shift.
The Tilt-Shift dialog will appear, and you should click on the central circle and drag it to your point of interest to ensure the effect radiates from the right spot.
You can also adjust the blur intensity by dragging the Blur slider on the right-hand side, and you can drag the different tool guidelines to make the blur encroach on your point of interest more (or less) tightly.
When you like the effect, go ahead and click OK.
Next, I like to apply a Hue/Saturation adjustment (Image>Adjustments>Hue/Saturation), where I boost the Master Saturation slider to around +30. 
Sometimes, I’ll also boost the saturation of select colors – basically, the colors that I want to pop, such as the greens of the grass and trees, the reds of bright cars, etc. (In miniature models, colors tend to be very bold and saturated, hence this step.)
Finally, using the Curves tool (Image>Adjustments>Curves), I’ll enhance the contrast of the image. Here, I generally just boost the right-hand side of the curve, thereby intensifying the light parts of the image while leaving the shadows relatively detailed.
And that’s pretty much it! You can always play around with additional adjustments, but the above workflow should get you a convincing tilt-shift photo.
If you’ve made it this far, I’m sure you’ll agree with me that tilt-shift photography can be a ton of fun!
It’s also a great way to turn relatively straightforward images into something much more compelling, without investing in expensive gear. 
Like I said, not every image is a good candidate for tilt-shift photography, but it’s definitely worth playing around to see what you can create! Don’t just follow my advice; instead, experiment with all sorts of images. Maybe you’ll hit upon a new kind of photo that works great with the tilt-shift effect.
Of course, we’d love to see the images you create – so be sure to share your favorite tilt-shift shots in the comments below!
Patrick Ashley is the founder and chief blogger of Tiltshiftable, a blog dedicated to informing and teaching others about the technique of tilt-shift photography.
.....................................
Article 8:
This article was updated in March 2024 with contributions from Megan Kennedy and Jaymes Dempsey.
Vignettes are a great way to add a bit of extra oomph to your images. They help keep the viewer focused on the main subject – while de-emphasizing the edges of the frame. 
Many photographers, myself included, regularly apply vignettes to their images. But while many programs (such as Lightroom) include a straightforward vignetting tool, creating a vignette in Photoshop is a bit more complicated.
Fortunately, Photoshop is a very sophisticated program, and there is not just one, but a handful of methods for adding vignettes to your files. 
In this article, I’ll share three of my favorite ways to apply the effect. By the time you’re finished reading, you’ll be able to apply a vignette to any digital photograph quickly and easily, and you’ll even be able to customize the shape and intensity as needed.
Let’s get started!
In photography, a vignette is any shadowy darkness that appears around the periphery of an image. Here’s a very extreme example:
Here’s a much more subtle, realistic example:
Now, vignetting can occur for several reasons.
For instance, optical vignetting is caused by the physics of wide-aperture lenses. Less light reaches the edges of the camera sensor, and as a result, you get a darkening effect at the edge of the frame. Many post-processing programs offer optical modules designed to counteract specific vignetting effects created by specific lenses – but that’s a topic for another article!
The type of vignetting we’re interested in is artificial vignetting – where you create vignetting yourself using a program such as Photoshop.
As I mentioned above, Photoshop isn’t the only program you can use to create a vignette. In fact, Photoshop is unusual in that it doesn’t include an obvious, easy-to-access vignetting tool. But adding a vignette is still pretty simple, as I’ll explain below.
Vignetting can be a contentious topic in photographic circles. Some photographers love vignettes, while others loathe them. 
But as photography has evolved, applying artificial vignettes in Photoshop has become a useful compositional device. Vignettes are an enduring photographic technique that can add to the gravitas of an image by creating a sense of atmosphere, age, or depth.
Personally, I think a restrained vignette can add to an image, especially if the composition includes a main subject toward the center of the shot. If the vignette is present but not immediately obvious to the viewer, it can subtly yet effectively emphasize specific parts of your photo. 
The key word, however, is “subtle.” As soon as the vignette becomes perceptible to the viewer, it detracts from the image. So have fun creating your vignette – but don’t go overboard!
There are quite a few ways to create a vignette in Photoshop, each offering various levels of customizability. Today, I’m going to cover the three that I recommend the most. 
These methods are simple, easy to apply, and will do a great job of creating a customizable vignette effect.
If you’re looking for a quick way to create a vignette, then this method is a perfect choice. 
To start off, open your image in Photoshop. I’m going to use this lavender photo, which has already been processed but doesn’t yet feature a vignette:
In Photoshop, it’s best to edit your files non-destructively; that way, you can go back and adjust your original file if required. 
Standard Photoshop adjustments are destructive by default – but you can avoid editing the original file thanks to the power of layers.
So right-click on the Background layer in the Layers panel, then select Duplicate Layer. 
In the pop-up window, rename the layer “Vignette.”
With the Vignette layer still selected, click Filter in the Photoshop menu. Then select Lens Correction. 
A new Lens Correction window will open. Click the Custom tab on the right-hand panel. Under the Vignette heading, adjust the Amount and Midpoint sliders until you’re happy with the vignette effect. 
Then click OK. 
If the image looks a little dull after applying the vignette, you can give it a contrast boost with a Curves adjustment layer. You can also adjust the intensity of the colors with a Vibrance adjustment layer. Make edits until you’re satisfied, then call it a day!
This second method is a little more complex than the Lens Correction method; however, it’s also more flexible. I like to use it when I want to create more sophisticated vignetting effects.
Here’s how it works:
With your file open in Photoshop, the first thing to check is that the foreground color swatch is set to black. 
To revert to the Photoshop default of a black foreground and a white background, press the D key.
Next, choose Layer in the main menu, then select New Fill Layer>Gradient. Click OK on the first pop-up window that appears. 
A second pop-up will appear: the Gradient Fill settings window. Make sure to tick the Reverse box (otherwise, your vignette will be inside-out, with the center of the image dark, and the edges of the image untouched by the effect). 
By default, the Gradient Fill Style will be set to Linear. Change this to Radial – that way, Photoshop knows to create the gradient in a circle, rather than a line. 
At this point, you should see a vignette applied to your image, but it’ll be extremely intense. You can boost the Scale percentage to alter the strength of the vignette (smaller numbers correspond to a more intense gradient). I usually enter a value around 300% to 350%. 
Click OK.
Once you’ve applied the Gradient fill layer, your image may look a little dark and flat. To blend the gradient effect more carefully, make sure the Gradient fill layer is selected, then reduce the opacity of the layer via the Opacity slider. 
Each image will be different, but I usually reduce the opacity of the Gradient Fill layer to around the 50% mark. Here’s my example image with reduced opacity:
To further blend the Gradient fill layer with the underlying image, you can also work with Photoshop blending modes. Just click on the blend mode dropdown menu and see what works best for your image. 
Finally, if your image is still feeling a little flat, make some adjustments with a Curves adjustment layer to boost the contrast.
Photoshop’s Shape tool has endless uses – including adding a vignette to a photograph. 
Specifically, by working with an ellipse shape, you can easily create a versatile vignette. Here’s how:
First, make sure your foreground color is set to black. 
Then, with your image open in Photoshop, select an ellipse from the Shape Tool menu on the far left Photoshop toolbar. Check to make sure that the Fill swatch located toward the top of the screen in the Shape menu is set to solid black (if it’s not, then double-click and adjust the Fill color).
Once the color is set, drag the ellipse outline over your image to form an oval shape. When you release the mouse button, the shape will automatically fill with black. 
With your Ellipse layer selected, click on the Properties window and select the Subtract front shape icon located under the Pathfinder heading (see below). The shape will reverse, creating a black border around a now-transparent ellipse. 
Make sure the Ellipse layer is selected, then refer back to the Properties menu. 
This time, click the Masks icon; it looks like a gray circle on a dark background (see below). The Masks menu allows you to adjust the Density and Feather of the Ellipse layer. I usually leave the Density at 100%, but I push the Feather adjustment to its upper limits (which softens the vignette effect).
To increase the subtlety of the vignette, you can adjust the opacity of the Ellipse layer. Experimenting with different blending modes is another effective way to adjust the impact of the artificial vignette. 
And feel free to alter the dimensions of the vignette with the Transform options or tweak the contrast and saturation with adjustment layers.
Once you’re done, you should have a vignette like this:
As you can see, applying vignettes to your photos in Photoshop doesn’t have to be hard. In fact, it’s really very simple! And it’s fairly customizable, too – which means you can spend plenty of time playing around with the strength, feathering, and position of your vignette effect.
So open some of your favorite images in Photoshop. See how they look with vignettes. 
As long as you keep it subtle, I’m guessing you’ll get a great result!
A vignette is a darkening around the periphery of a photograph. It occurs for various reasons in many photographic circumstances.
There are several ways to create a vignette in Photoshop. The methods listed in this article are simple and effective ways to apply a vignette aesthetic.
Unfortunately, Photoshop doesn’t offer a vignette tool. However, you can easily create a vignette with the Shape tool, a Gradient fill layer, or a Lens Corrections filter.
The easiest way to remove vignetting in post-production is to open the image in Photoshop and – with the image layer selected – click Filter>Lens Correction. The Lens Correction window will present various options for reducing unwanted vignetting.
.....................................
Article 9:
Even if you’ve never heard of the Orton Effect, I can guarantee you’ve seen the technique used at some point. The Orton Effect was developed in the darkroom, but it successfully made its way into the brave new world of digital image processing – and now, decades later, it’s regularly used by photographers to give their images a subtle glow.
Creating an Orton Effect in Photoshop is a fairly simple process, and once you understand the basics, you’ll have no problem adding it to your editing workflow. Below, I explain my simple, step-by-step process for adding a customizable Orton Effect to an image, and I also offer a few tips for implementing the Orton glow along the way.
Let’s dive right in!
The Orton Effect is essentially a method for producing soft, pictorial-style images – but it goes so much farther than a simple soft-focus look. 
(Where did the effect get its name? The inventor, who came up with the approach in the 1980s, was named Michael Orton!)
The original method involved capturing at least two frames (and often more) of transparency film. You would photograph your subject in focus – and then you would take a second frame, still of the same subject, but this time the subject would be deliberately out of focus and the image would be slightly overexposed. You would then sandwich the frames together to produce what Orton himself called a “painterly” photograph.
As I said, the Orton Effect was originally applied in the darkroom, but thanks to the power of Photoshop, we can easily recreate the effect. As with most things in Photoshop, there are numerous ways to achieve a similar result. However, the method I share below not only produces the Orton Effect from a RAW file, but it also works very quickly, plus it gives you powerful control over the resulting look.
Now that you know what the Orton Effect is and how it works, let’s walk through my favorite way achieve the look in Photoshop, starting with:
You can create the Orton Effect with a straight-out-of-camera JPEG, but I always like to start with a RAW file and apply some basic edits in Lightroom. That way, you can ensure that your image is looking its best before you send it over to Photoshop.
Note that the Orton Effect can be applied to any image, but you’ll generally want to make sure that the approach fits the subject matter. In other words, when choosing a photo to use, ask yourself: Would a soft, pictorial look suit this photo? Or would it look strange?
I like to use Orton on my nature images, especially breathtaking landscapes and close-up shots of plants, where the effect can enhance the sky and/or any shallow depth of field effects. However, I wouldn’t be alone in suggesting that the Orton glow looks a bit odd when applied to a gritty street photograph or a tack-sharp product photo filled with lots of fine detail.
Here’s the example image that I’ll use for this Orton Effect tutorial:
The next part is important – don’t skip it! Right-click on the photo, then select: Edit In>Open as Smart Object in Photoshop:
Converting the image to a Smart Object is a crucial step in this process. Yes, it will increase the file size, but it comes with so many benefits that it shouldn’t be avoided. (What are these benefits? I’ll explain more in a second!)
Once the image loads as a Smart Object in Photoshop, you can begin replicating the Orton technique. 
The first thing you need to do is copy the base layer (i.e., your original image). But don’t simply duplicate the layer; instead, right-click on the base layer and select New Smart Object via Copy:
(In other words, you should make sure that your duplicate layer is also a Smart Object.)
Going back to the darkroom process, think of this second layer as your frame of unfocused transparency film. This layer will add not only the necessary blur but also the slight overexposure.
Also – and this goes back to why you converted your photo to a Smart Object to begin with – you can now manipulate all the edits you applied in Lightroom while you’re working in Photoshop. It’s all done in Adobe Camera RAW. Just double-click the image to bring up the ACR panel, and make adjustments as needed.
This allows you to stay completely flexible while you apply the next steps of the Orton Effect!
Make sure the new copy of your Smart Object layer is selected, because that’s where you’ll apply the blur effect.
Simply select Filter>Blur>Gaussian Blur in the main menu:
You’ll see the Gaussian Blur dialog box, and you can tweak the blur Radius slider as needed. 
(The optimal Radius setting depends on your image size and the degree of blurring you want to achieve. Larger-sized images from high-megapixel cameras generally require a larger radius to create a noticeable result.)
Once the image is blurred, hit OK. Then head over to the Layers panel and set the Blending Mode to Screen. 
Not only will this help merge the painterly blur layer with the original image, but it’ll also brighten the result. Talk about two birds with one stone! You can always adjust the opacity of the upper layer until it reaches the desired effect.
Pat yourself on the back – you just made your very own Orton Effect image! But you don’t have to (and probably shouldn’t) stop there. At this point in the process, I like to make adjustments to my settings that refine the Effect further, and I encourage you to do the same.
For instance, you can make additional adjustments to the opacity of the layer to soften the effect. You can also use a Brush to selectively remove the effect from areas of the image (you’ll need to use a layer mask for this; simply apply it to the upper layer, make sure the mask is white, then paint in black where you don’t want the glow to appear). 
Also, don’t forget: Since the image is a Smart Object, all the adjustments in the Camera Raw editor are still at your disposal. All you have to do is double-click the image thumbnail in the Layers panel, and the ACR window will reappear!
In just a few steps, we went from this:
To this:
And if you want to watch me apply the effect step-by-step, here’s a video walkthrough of the process:

The Orton Effect is a super cool editing technique that’s rooted in the golden days of film and darkroom processing. Today, we have digital wizardry at our disposal that can get the same results – so use the technique I shared to start making your own dreamy images!
It’s easy, fun, and unlike in the darkroom, mistakes cost nothing. Happy Ortoning!
Now over to you:
When will you use the Orton Effect to enhance your images? Share your thoughts – and your Orton examples! – in the comments below.
.....................................
Article 10:
Polarizing filters are an essential tool for landscape photographers, but here’s the truth: 
Sometimes, using a polarizer is a bad idea.
I said it! Yes, not using a polarizing filter for landscape shooting could be considered sacrilegious in some circles, and indeed, I myself have written ad nauseam about the importance of this simple yet powerful photographer’s tool.
However, today I’m going to selectively contradict myself. Because while a circular polarizing filter can hugely improve your photographs in most outdoor photography situations, there are times when leaving that piece of glass off the lens can actually give better results.
Below, I list all the times I believe that it’s better to avoid using a polarizing filter, and I include example photos to help you better understand how a polarizer will negatively affect your images in those specific scenarios. 
So if you’re ready to learn all about the times you should keep your polarizer packed away, let’s get started!
A polarizer reduces reflected light before it enters your lens. It doesn’t completely eliminate all reflected light; instead, it targets polarized light, which is created when a light source bounces off certain materials.
Note that circular polarizers are designed for flexibility. These filters include two pieces of glass, and by rotating the front element, you can engage or disengage the polarizing effect.
Now, a polarizer is useful when shooting reflective surfaces such as water, glass, shiny cars, and wet rocks; by putting a polarizer over your lens, you can cut down on reflections to highlight colors and details underneath. Landscape photographers constantly use polarizers to shoot fall foliage (to reduce reflections on the waxy leaf surfaces) and waterfalls (to reduce reflections on wet rocks), while cityscape and product photographers sometimes like to rely on these filters to avoid extreme reflections on cars and buildings. 
Most of the time, you want to control those reflective surfaces and reduce the glare of reflected light to let the colors and details underneath shine through. But what if you like that super wet look and glare on certain surfaces? What if you think it enhances your photos? 
In those cases, you’ll want to leave your circular polarizer in your camera bag. Let me give you some examples where I felt that not using a polarizer actually made for a better image.
For the image above, I decided to remove my polarizer, and here’s why:
The reflected light on the wet rocks in the foreground had a distinct red color, which I loved. The rocks were a beautiful deep red that matched the water and the bright sky, and by working without a polarizer, I was able to maintain that harmony throughout the image. 
Using a polarizer would have reduced the beautiful red reflected light, resulting in a less dramatic image.
So if you’re faced with a scenario where you appreciate the color of the reflected light, don’t be afraid to take that polarizer off. Reflections can add beautiful color to an image, and that’s not something you want to miss out on!
Since wet elements tend to produce contrast and desaturate colors, photographers generally use circular polarizers when faced with waterfalls, seascapes, etc. But wet objects can look good in certain situations – sometimes, the wet reflections create pops of brightness that enhance the resulting image.
For instance, look at the long-exposure image above. If you check out the wet rocks, especially those in the bottom left-hand corner and the wall jutting out in the midground, you’ll notice some bright highlights. A polarizer would reduce contrast in these areas to help the real color of the rocks shine through – but I quite liked the way the highlights caused a soft glare from reflected sunlight.
So even though the highlights didn’t really have any dramatic color, I still felt that the wet look made for a better image, so I opted not to use the polarizer.
When the sun has gone down and it’s starting to get dark, there’s little point in using a polarizer. Polarizers only cut down on reflected light, and when the light is dim, reflections are pretty subtle. 
Plus, using a polarizer in low light will force you to use a longer shutter speed; circular polarizers block out a couple of stops of light, which can make a big difference when you’re working in dim conditions.
The shot above features a waterfall at Silver Falls State Park. It was a long exposure in very dim light, taken inside a canyon that had no direct sunlight at the time. The only wet surfaces that could cause glare were the leaves in the foreground, and the light was so dim that there was no glare at all.
Therefore, I opted to leave my polarizer off my lens.
If you read the last section carefully, you probably know what I’m going to say here. 
Polarizers only help when dealing with reflected light, and when you’re photographing at night, there won’t be a whole lot of reflected light to handle. 
Additionally, when you’re photographing at night, you want to get as much light as possible into your lens. A polarizer is going to reduce the amount of light and force you to use a longer shutter speed or a higher ISO setting. 
So if you’re shooting in the dark, do yourself a favor and remove the polarizer. 
When capturing the full moon shot above, the polarizer would only have served to slow down my shutter speed, so I kept it stowed away in my bag.
Sometimes, you come across a scene with reflections in the water, and they look beautiful. One option is to ditch your polarizer and shoot with a bare lens. 
But let’s say you like the look of your image with the polarizer on. Your colors are nicely saturated and all of the glare has been reduced from the surfaces, but you’re annoyed to see that the lovely reflections in the water have either vanished or diminished.
What do you do?
The simple answer is to take two shots – one with the polarizer engaged and another without the polarizer. Then you can blend the two exposures in Photoshop and take the best elements from each. 
For the shot above, I really enjoyed the look of the reflected waterfall in the pool, so I took two shots with different polarizer settings and then combined them.
I’m sure I’ll be corrected by our more well-educated readers, but from a polarizer’s standpoint, a rainbow is reflected light. 
Regardless, if your polarizer is engaged, the rainbow will perform a disappearing act in your photo. 
Disengage or remove the polarizer and – presto! – the rainbow will be back in your photograph.
In other words, if you want to photograph a rainbow successfully, where all the colors are as vivid as possible, take that polarizer off. 
Note: If you want to reduce reflections in other parts of the shot, you can always use the technique I mentioned above, where you capture two shots – one polarized and one unpolarized – and blend the files together.
As I mentioned at the start of this article, a polarizer is a key landscape photography tool. 
In fact, if I leave the house and forget my polarizers, I’ll actually turn around and drive home; they’re that important. 
At the same time, I urge you to learn when conditions call for the removal of your polarizer, and to confidently unscrew that polarizer when the time is right.
And I hope this article helps you identify those golden moments so that you can get the best possible shots!
(Of course, if you’re unsure whether to shoot with or without a polarizer in a specific scenario, you can always capture multiple shots, then decide which one you prefer when you’re back at home.)
Now over to you:
Do you use a polarizing filter? How often? Are there times when you prefer to go without it? Share your thoughts in the comments below!
.....................................
Article 11:
As a photographer who regularly travels, one of my biggest quests isn’t the search for the perfect shot – it’s the search for the perfect camera bag. If you’ve ever purchased a camera bag (or two, or ten), then I’m guessing you know what I’m talking about. 
With every bag or backpack I’ve ever owned, the internal dividers never seem to fit my gear perfectly. They create compartments that are either too small to hold my lenses or so large that my lenses constantly shift around. The result tends to be a lot of wasted space in the bag, gear that’s not totally secure, and gut-wrenching decisions over which lenses to leave behind.
Now, I do have a lot of gear; when I travel, I generally like to carry a full-frame camera body, a flash, a set of 4×5 glass filters, a 14-24mm lens, a 16-35mm lens, a 24-120mm lens, an 80-400mm lens, a 105mm macro lens, and a 24mm f/1.4 lens. (Yes, I know there are redundancies, but each lens has a clear purpose!)
Depending on the type of photography you like to do, you may not carry quite so much. However, a poorly packed camera bag is still a problem you can – and likely will – face.
So what’s the solution? Below, I explain my approach to optimizing my camera bag space – and I offer a step-by-step process for packing your camera bag more effectively.
When I was first trying to figure out how to pack my camera bag effectively, I thought the solution might be to get rid of the dividers, as they seemed to be causing most (or all?) of my problems.
Of course, I couldn’t just remove the dividers and let my gear roll around. I needed a way to pad my equipment – bags get swung around, put down, picked up, and banged into. The gear moves inside it, and without that padding, it’ll eventually suffer damage. 
One option I tried for padding my precious cameras and lenses was wraps. There are several brands that make wraps specifically for camera gear; these come in varying sizes to fit different pieces of equipment. Here’s one of my camera bags – a ThinkTank Airport model – with the dividers completely removed and the wraps added:
The problem was, however, that when I went to rewrap my cameras and lenses, it took too much time. If you’re a photographer who uses just one or two main lenses, you don’t often switch equipment, and/or you work in a slower-paced environment, maybe it could work, but it wasn’t right for me. Plus, I didn’t love the wraps I tried, so I eventually went back to the dividers.
A few years went by, and I begrudgingly continued to use my dividers. But I recently took a few trips where I just couldn’t get the dividers configured properly, and I had to choose something to leave behind. Usually, it meant going without a lens I thought I wouldn’t need – yet in the end, I always ended up wishing I had brought the lens along. As you can probably imagine, this sucked. 
Eventually, I’d had enough. I went to my local camera store, and I considered the problem again. This time, I found myself staring at neoprene lens pouches. Neoprene pouches provide padding and come in various sizes to fit each lens in my kit, but they’re not too snug, and they’re not overly large, either. 
I played around with the pouches, and I found that I could position lenses and cameras in the bag against each other. The neoprene is generally 4-5mm thick, so two pouches side by side have about as much thickness as the velcro dividers and therefore provide adequate support. 
So I purchased enough neoprene pouches, and I pulled all of the velcro dividers out of my backpack. From there, I found I could fit everything pretty nicely, including my 80-400mm lens.
However, I did notice that, after wearing the backpack while hiking, my gear didn’t always hold its position – the items tended to settle to the bottom, which made it difficult to find things when I opened it. I put on my problem-solving hat, went back to the drawing board, and I finally settled on a hybrid solution that works extremely well. 
At the bottom of the backpack, I place my 80-400mm lens with no pouch. Then I add a full-width divider, which runs across the length of the backpack to protect the 80-400mm lens.
Next, I add three lenses in neoprene pouches. Above that, I add a second full-width divider, which leaves me with a large compartment for my remaining lenses (in neoprene pouches), as well as my filters and some smaller accessories like lens cloths. On one side of the large compartment, I use a smaller velcro divider to house my camera.
Here’s the entire setup in action:
I recognize that you likely don’t have the same gear as I do. But I think this general approach – where you use some, but not all, of your camera bag’s dividers, and you place any neighboring lenses in neoprene pouches – can work for a whole lot of people. 
If you think my approach could benefit you, here’s how I recommend you configure and pack your camera bags:
Using this method to pack your entire gear bag is pretty easy. Here’s the four-step process:
By the way: I purchased a silver Sharpie marker and some stencils from a craft store to label the outside of each pouch for easy identification. This can be helpful when you need to quickly find a specific lens and you don’t want to waste time peeking in different pouches.
This approach to packing my camera bag has made a huge difference, and I highly recommend you try it for yourself. 
Even with all my gear essentials, I find that I can fit more into the camera bag if needed, simply because I’m not limited to what the dividers will allow me to do. It’s still not the ever-elusive “perfect camera bag” that every photographer I know is searching for, but for me, it is just a bit closer. 
What do you think? What is your ideal camera bag? Have you come up with any other inventive solutions to this issue? Do share your thoughts in the comments below!
.....................................
Article 12:
To capture stunning wildlife photos, you must adjust your angle until you’re shooting at the animal’s eye level. (Yes, there are a few exceptions – such as when you’re capturing environmental scenes that include wildlife – but generally speaking, eye-level photos are best.)
When an animal is close to the ground, however, shooting at eye level can be tricky. If you’ve ever gotten down low to photograph a bird or small mammal from the dirt, you’ll know what I mean: It’s awkward to support yourself, your camera, and your telephoto lens – while also trying to keep your gear from getting dirty or wet.
One solution is to use a tripod. Most tripods allow you to get quite low by opening the legs out as wide as possible, and some actually open out fully so that the tripod sits flush to the ground. But while this setup will get the job done, it can be pretty awkward to handle, especially if you’re trying to pan with your subject or if you have to follow your subject around.
That’s where a ground pod comes in. It’s flexible, it’s effective, and it’s easy to make at home. Sure, you can purchase dedicated ground pods from camera manufacturers, but there’s not any real need; I use a DIY ground pod that I created using household materials, and it cost me far less than I would pay for a ground pod from B&H. 
In this article, I share my step-by-step process for creating a DIY ground pod – so that with a few dollars and a little bit of effort, you can capture low-angle wildlife photography without worrying about your gear.
A ground pod is a plate/tray with upturned edges that keeps your camera both stable and mobile when you’re shooting in the dirt, mud, or sand. 
You can attach your camera to the center of the pod, or – for more flexibility – you can screw your tripod head onto the ground pod, then attach your camera to the head. It’ll support your camera just a few inches from the ground, thus offering some protection from water splashes or sand/mud while also allowing easy movement in all directions.
Now, the benefit of a ground pod is that it lets you capture low-angle photos of wildlife without getting the bottom of your camera or lens covered in grime. But as the photographer, you’ll still get plenty dirty! The pod won’t protect you from the muck, only your camera setup; that’s part of the fun of wildlife photography!
I wanted a ground pod that would allow me to capture low-angle wildlife shots, but when I looked for commercially available options, I was disappointed to see that they cost around $100 USD. Therefore, I decided to make my own!
I’m certainly not the first person to do this, but I wanted to share how it is done to illustrate how easy it is to make your own low-level camera support.
As I said above, materials for a DIY ground pod shouldn’t cost you much at all. You will need:
The construction of the pod is very simple:
And that is it!  Simple.
Just make sure that the pan actually supports your camera and lens without toppling over before putting it to use. If you chose a wide enough pan, this should not be a problem, but test your camera with all your wildlife photography lenses to be safe.
Well, there you have it! When on a beach, in a field, or shooting in snow, you will find that using a ground pod for support makes getting down low a lot easier, and it’ll let you worry less about your camera gear remaining free from sand, mud, and water. 
The pan is also far lighter than most tripods – meaning you can carry less weight when out on your next wildlife shoot.
If you already own a suitable tripod head, this project shouldn’t cost much more than the price of a cheap frying pan, and it’s a great way of supporting your camera at ground level for those powerful and intimate wildlife portraits.
(Thanks to Rob Cain for taking the picture of my gear on the completed ground pod, above!)
If you have any tips for creating a ground pod, or any advice for using one successfully, share them in the comments below!
.....................................
Article 13:
As a photographer, choosing the best cloud storage isn’t as simple as picking the cheapest option, but it’s not too complicated, either. There are plenty of great choices available, and at the end of the day, the most important thing is that you find a storage package that works for you and suits your needs. 
Some photographers require terabytes of storage that offer instant access everywhere, while others have far more modest needs. However, a few options stand out among the rest (and there are a few options I think you’d do best to avoid, as well). 
Until recently, cloud storage for photography was more of a luxury than a necessity. Digital images were shot only with pricey DSLRs or dedicated pocket cameras, stored on desktop computers, backed up to external hard drives, and emailed or posted on social media for sharing with others. Cloud storage was expensive, slow, and burdensome to set up and manage – and often designed for IT professionals and not photographers.
But modern photography, as the saying goes, requires modern solutions. Cloud storage is now well within reach of even the most casual photographer, and it can also meet the needs of demanding professionals. In fact, there are plenty of cloud storage options available to photographers, and they’re capable of suiting a variety of workflows and storage requirements. 
Price, speed, and storage capacity are still worth considering, but they’re not the barrier to entry they used to be. Now it’s not a matter of deciding whether cloud storage is right for you (it probably is!). Instead, the question is which cloud storage is best for you, and thankfully, there are a lot of great options.
While it might seem like a bit of a cop out or an overly simple answer, I really do think that the best cloud storage for iPhone photographers is Apple’s iCloud service. iCloud automatically backs up all the photos on your iPhone and makes them available across all your other Apple devices (including iPads, iMacs, and Macbooks). 
Your edits also sync across devices, so if you crop a photo on your iPhone, it will appear cropped everywhere else, too. Photos stored in iCloud can be shared with others, and you have the option of storing originals in iCloud while keeping small thumbnails on your iPhone. It’s a great way to free up space on your phone, and it’ll also keep down your costs, since you won’t need to spend hundreds of extra dollars on a phone with more internal storage.
All iPhone users get 5 GB of iCloud storage for free. This is hardly enough to store more than a handful of photos and videos, and it almost certainly won’t meet your needs if you also need to back up essential iPhone data and documents. 
Fortunately, the price of iCloud storage is quite reasonable: the lowest-tier option costs just 99 cents/month and gives you 50 GB of cloud storage, while the next tier (and the one I recommend for most people) offers 200 GB of storage for $2.99/month.
iCloud pros:
iCloud cons:
In the same vein as my iCloud recommendation above, the best cloud storage for Android photographers is Google One. It’s inexpensive, easy to use, and integrates seamlessly with Google Photos, one of the most widely used photography platforms in the world. 
Anyone with a Google account gets 15 GB of storage for free, though while this is more free storage than iCloud offers, it’s pretty limited once you start filling it up with high-resolution photos and videos. It’s also a little frustrating that the free 15 GB version locks users out of some of Google’s photo-editing tools, such as Magic Eraser and Portrait Blur. 
Fortunately, additional storage is only $2/month for 100 GB. (Once that is exhausted, the next available option is significantly more expensive at $10/month for 2 TB.)
Google One is easy to recommend for Android users because, like its iCloud counterpart on iPhones, it’s incredibly easy to use. Much of its operation, such as backing up your photos to the cloud, happens automatically without any intervention from the user. Plus, Google Photos does a great job of organizing your images, tagging people, finding objects, and letting you share pictures and videos as needed.
Google One pros:
Google One cons:
Photographers who rely on DSLR and mirrorless cameras generally have different needs compared to their mobile-based counterparts. In other words, if you shoot with a more traditional camera and need to store, organize, and back up thousands (or hundreds of thousands) of high-resolution images and RAW files, you’re going to need something different than iCloud or Google One. Dropbox is the best choice – not just for its price and storage options, but also for certain features that make it uniquely suited to address the needs of DSLR and mirrorless photographers.
Dropbox is easy to recommend because it does one thing exceedingly well: it offers fast, reliable, highly customizable cloud storage and syncs across all your devices, which is perfect for DSLR and mirrorless shooters. Dropbox has also been around for well over a decade and, as one of the major players in the cloud storage market, is not going anywhere anytime soon; you know your images will be stored securely for years to come. 
The $10/month plan gives you 2 TB of storage, similar to iCloud and Google One, but Dropbox works incredibly well on laptops, desktops, and both Android and iOS devices. It has no trouble syncing loads of images at high speeds, including RAW files, and allows you to organize your photos however you want.
Dropbox pros:
Dropbox cons:
If you rely on your camera gear to pay the bills, and you have a vast collection of client images you need to store and manage, you’ll want to pay for a cloud storage option that can keep up with your workflow. SmugMug is the best option for professionals because it doesn’t just offer great cloud storage; it also boasts client galleries and e-commerce options for selling images. It’s not cheap, but it’s well worth the price if your livelihood depends on your cameras and the files they produce.
SmugMug is not designed for amateurs and hobbyists, and there is no free plan. All SmugMug packages, which start at $120/year, are intended for professional photographers and include unlimited photo storage as well as tools to create galleries and websites that effectively showcase your images. The $246/year plan has tools for selling images, watermarking your photos, and delivering files to clients. 
While casual shooters can certainly use SmugMug’s services, they would do better to choose one of the other options on this list. But for professionals, SmugMug has everything required for a complete cloud-storage, client-gallery, and e-commerce solution, and it’s easy to recommend.
SmugMug pros:
SmugMug cons:
Now, if you enjoy photography and want advanced editing tools to enhance your creativity, but you don’t quite make a living from taking pictures, then I encourage you to subscribe to Adobe’s Lightroom (1 TB) plan. 
The $10/month option offers 1 TB of cloud storage while also including access to Lightroom, the gold standard in digital asset management and editing. It’s the perfect solution for people who want to move beyond Apple Photos or Google Photos, and it’s easy to recommend because it includes enough storage for tens of thousands of images as well as advanced sharing options. It even includes a full suite of educational tools.
Lightroom automatically uploads your images to the cloud – whether you use a mobile phone, DSLR, mirrorless model, or any other camera. It syncs your images across all your devices, and it lets you create beautiful custom galleries that you can share online with friends, family, and anyone else. The mobile Lightroom app is incredibly easy to use and offers advanced editing features like masking and color grading, plus it can be accessed on tablets as well as desktops or even just a web browser. 
Finally, this plan gives users five custom websites through the easy-to-use Adobe Portfolio platform, which is an excellent way to create a publicly-viewable showcase for your images. While the 1 TB plan doesn’t include quite as much storage as other services do for the same price, it’s more than enough for most hobbyist and amateur photographers, and it includes all the software you need to edit, organize, and share your photos, too.
Adobe Lightroom pros:
Adobe Lightroom cons:
Many photographers don’t need the editing tools, sharing options, and additional features that come with other software on this list. Instead, they require rock-solid solutions for simple image backup and recovery. This type of cloud storage typically operates in the background, quietly humming along while backing up everything on your computer (or only certain folders, depending on what you prefer). 
When disaster strikes and you lose hundreds of thousands of photos, you need a backup option to recover them quickly. There are many great options – such as iDrive, CrashPlan, and Carbonite – but the one I recommend for photographers is Backblaze.
While it’s not the cheapest option for cloud storage backup, Backblaze isn’t the most expensive. I think it strikes a nice balance between price and features, especially compared to its peers. Backblaze’s $99/year plan will back up all your images with no limit or cap in terms of overall storage, which makes it ideal for photographers, especially those who shoot in RAW. 
Trust and reliability are also factors here; anyone can make big promises, but the proof is in the pudding. Backblaze has been in business for over 15 years and has built a reputation for trust, security, and reliability during that time. It isn’t a flash-in-the-pan, here-today-gone-tomorrow kind of operation, and you can trust the company to have your photos when you need them.
Backblaze pros:
Backblaze cons:
Not sure if any of my recommendations suit your needs? That’s okay! Here are a few more storage options to consider:
Amazon Photos: This a good choice if you already pay for Amazon Prime and need a cloud storage option but aren’t ready to commit to another service. It backs up all your images automatically, including RAW files, and allows you to access them from the web or through a mobile app. While Amazon Photos works fine, it’s just not as full-featured as the other options on this list, and I’ve found it to be slow, buggy, and downright frustrating at times. Still, it’s worth considering even as just a simple off-site backup option, especially if you’re already paying for Amazon Prime.
Personal cloud services: Companies like Synology have been making big inroads into what is basically your own personal cloud service, usually in the form of a small box that sits near your cable modem or router. These NAS (Networked Attached Storage) options won’t save your photos if your house burns down, but they do let you access your images from anywhere and often include mobile apps and sharing functionality. Personal cloud services don’t require subscriptions since you manage the device and the storage on it, and if you run out of space, you can just add another hard drive or SSD. The learning curve is a little steep, so I don’t recommend them for beginners, but these tools are a good option for photographers who don’t mind a high upfront cost and are willing to do a bit of work to manage things on their own.
One-time-purchase services: There are plenty of subscription-based cloud storage options for photographers, but there are also services that promise essentially the same thing but for a one-time fee. This can sound appealing, but I never recommend such a route. It costs money to maintain servers, develop software, fix software vulnerabilities, and adapt to rapidly changing technologies. Subscription fees offer a way for companies to do all of this, so I would not recommend trusting your photos or other data to any company that claims to do the same for a one-time price.
The best cloud storage for photographers is a bit subjective, but the options on this list will work great if you fall into one of the categories described above. 
And if you still aren’t exactly sure what cloud storage will meet your exact needs, just remember that any cloud storage is better than none at all. Try one of the options here, or ask around to see what other photographers prefer. Most cloud storage platforms have trial periods, and even if you sign up for one and don’t like it, you can always cancel and switch to another one. 
Finally, if you have a storage service you like, share it in the comments below!
.....................................
Article 14:
Looking for the perfect creative photography accessories to spice up your photos? You’ve come to the right place.
In this article, I share my favorite fun photography tools, all of which practically guarantee creative images. I’m talking about filters, lighting accessories, toys, and more to take your images to the next level. 
(You’ll also find a few more basic items on this list, some of which you may already own – but I make sure to explain precisely how you can use each tool in a new way to capture unique, beautiful, and artistic images.)
So if you’re ready to discover the coolest photography accessories on the planet, then let’s get to it!
Strobes are a great piece of creative photography equipment. Yes, they’re a little intimidating to learn, so beginners often eschew strobes in favor of natural light – but if you can master the strobe, you can revolutionize your photography.
Here are a few techniques you’ll need a strobe for:
By the way, don’t just buy a single on-camera flash and call it a day. Instead, invest in radio triggers and receivers so you can do off-camera flash photography with multiple strobes. And experiment with modifiers like snoots, umbrellas, softboxes, and color gels for even more artistic flexibility!
If you’re not sure what strobe to buy, a Yongnuo YN560 IV speedlight is a great beginner pick – not only is it reasonably high-quality, but it’s also very inexpensive, so you can purchase a few without breaking the bank!
There are lots of ways you can create beautiful light paintings, but the LED light stick is a game-changer for this genre. It’s such a cool photography accessory that, as soon as you try it, you’ll be hooked.
LED light-stick photography pretty much always involves using lengthy shutter speeds, so a tripod will be required. You can use your light stick to create abstract light paintings, like this:
The great thing about some light sticks is that they’re fully programmable. You can input the exact light you want to paint and whether it will feature colors, stripes, pictures, or patterns. 
What light stick should you buy? The Aputure MT Pro is a great choice for beginners – not only does it offer plenty of color and brightness settings, but it’s also pixel-mappable! It’s on the smaller side, but it should definitely be enough for all sorts of creative photography.
Yes, a tripod is a basic photography accessory, and maybe it doesn’t seem that fun. But I have to mention it, because without a tripod, you’ll fail to pull off many of the techniques on this list – and with a tripod, your creative photography will explode with awesomeness.
Let’s look at some of the techniques a tripod will allow you to try:
Here’s a photo that combines digital blending and long exposure techniques:
Quick tip: Avoid getting a cheap tripod that has unsteady legs, and instead invest in a heavier, sturdier tripod. If you’re traveling and need a light backpack, you can compromise a little. You’ll still want a strong tripod, and preferably a hook on the central tripod pole so you can add more weight once the tripod is set up.
If you don’t already own a tripod, then I do have a quick recommendation for you: the Benro Roadtrip Pro is sturdy, lightweight, and even comes with a ballhead so you can get started shooting right away. Plus, at $250 USD, it’s a steal!
The lensball is quite possibly the most fun photography accessory on this list, because it lets you take wild shots that are otherwise impossible. It’s quite cheap, too, and it’s simple – just a crystal ball that you place in front of your lens:
But lensballs are insanely versatile, and here are just a few of the techniques you can try:
You can find a variety of different lensballs to choose from on Amazon, but our recommendation is the Lensball Pro, which is high quality and cheap!
Is there a need for filters when post-processing is so powerful? The answer to that is certainly “Yes,” especially if you wish to spend lots of time photographing (as opposed to post-processing on the computer). Plus, there are some filters that just can’t be replicated by editing software.
Filters can be used for the following forms of creative photography:
Like the lensball, the prism refracts light – but it offers a completely different effect.
For one, you can redirect the light to create interesting doubling effects. And you can also use a prism to project a rainbow onto a surface (maybe even someone’s face!). Really, it’s all about experimentation, so grab a prism, hold it in front of your lens, and go wild!
Here’s an example of the prism’s interesting double-exposure effect:
Pretty much any standard prism will work for this; just pick one (or more!) off Amazon to get started. (Note that different prism shapes and sizes will give different effects, so I encourage you to test out a few different models.)
You might also consider fractal filters, which offer all sorts of cool, fun, prismatic results (especially for portrait photography). This set is a great buy, and it’ll give you three different filters to play around with!
Steel wool allows you to light paint, but with an urban industrial twist.
You can use the wool to create lots of flying metal sparks, which will light paint across your photo as they hurtle through the air. This is a really fun technique to try out, but you need to be careful; you’re creating thousands of red-hot metal shards, and each has the potential to start a fire. You’ll need to exercise lots of caution when taking this type of photo. Be sure to avoid locations that could start a forest fire.
Steel wool can also be used for portrait photography – but ensure the safety of those involved in your photoshoot by thinking through all eventualities, ensuring the portrait subject stays far away from the sparks, and by making sure water is on hand, just in case.
What’s another fun photography tool you can hold in front of your lens? The metal tube! The diameter of the tube will affect the result you get, but it’s pretty typical to use a copper pipe (you can get one in the plumbing section of your local hardware store).
The idea is to photograph through the tube, which creates a “ring of fire” within your photo. This ring of fire is actually flare, and you can use it to frame something or someone in your scene.
Portrait photographers use umbrellas all the time as props, and for good reason: they look great, plus they’re often full of color.
There are several different ways you might use an umbrella with a model. If you’re photographing your subject’s whole body, the umbrella will take up a small part of the frame. Alternatively, you can use the umbrella as a background, with the model’s head and shoulders featuring in the photo.
Personally, I’d recommend rainbow-colored umbrellas, traditional paper umbrellas, or transparent umbrellas. 
(Pro tip: Transparent umbrellas can be held by your subject, but they can also be positioned in front of the lens, with the spokes acting as a frame for your main subject!)
Is water really a creative photography tool? Absolutely!
I recommend you carry water with you at all times, which you can use for all sorts of interesting effects. For instance, if you find a cool building, you can create a small puddle on the ground, then photograph the reflection. Note that the puddle doesn’t need to be large; a good wide-angle lens can make the most of a tiny splash of water.
Water has other uses, as well! Here are a few ideas to try out:
Hopefully, now that you’ve finished this article, you’re feeling inspired – and you’re ready to grab some cool photography accessories!
So go out and purchase your tools. Then have fun capturing unique photos!
Now over to you:
Do you have any creative photography tools you recommend? Which of the items on this list is your favorite? Share your thoughts in the comments below!
.....................................
